Alright I am fucking unbelievable.
This has got to stop. I am a smart, strong, interesting person. I should learn from my mistakes and stop being so silly and naive and just wake up.

I had my chance at love. I found a soulmate.
And that didn't work out, I understand and accept that. It was wonderful while it lasted.

So why do I keep thinking that it is going to happen again?
For some reason I think I am going to find another soulmate and be swept off my feet.
I want it so much. I want to be in love. I don't want to be lonely.

I know that it won't just be with anyone. And I don't want it to be.
I just want someone amazing to fall into my life.
Yes, some amazing people have. And I felt like I could fall in love with them.
But it never worked out.

And like an idiot I let myself do it again.
Guy number six - I said I wouldn't let myself do this again. Why why why why why why did I do it?
Surely I had realised it could never work out. Not just because I'm not that lucky, but because he lives in Sydney. I actually don't know what I was thinking when I got into this. I was so distant and cautious at the start because I knew it was a bad idea.

And then I don't know what happened. I was swept. I was happy. I was me.
I wanted and want Lukey so much it is killing me. He is absolutely different from every other guy I have been interested in and I love it so so so much. He amazes me. I want to know everything about him.
I let my guard down with him and I slept with him and now I feel like shit.

I am here. He is there.
Is there some weird rule in the world which means if people would be amazing together there will always been something to stop them.
I have always thought that if you like someone, that's all that matters.
IT'S NOT FUCKING FAIR.
I want to scream and throw things and hit people and just make everything go my way.

I can't think or breathe or move.
I can't do this again. I can't be hurt again.
I give up.
No I don't.


FUCK.

