Why is it always on Tuesdays that I find myself feeling the need to write/whinge/mope/ponder?

Though, this is less moping and more pondering.

I am comfortable. I love my life, there is nothing else to it. But I love it because it is easy. Most parts. I am a little way from being stuck in a rut. Even my new relationship - which at the begining of such escapades I am normally over the moon about - I already feel bored and comfortable and like I have been in the relationship for a while. Well, that is not entirely true. I am still scared as fuck, but only because I don't know what I am doing.

I'm not excited. I'm not getting butterflies. I find myself having to convince myself of why it is a good idea. Slowly, things are forming. I am already attached. But I really don't know what I am doing.

I've realised how much I have changed since I started uni. I went through the long, drawn out process of getting used to life without someone who was as close to a soulmate as you can get. Some days I feel I could still be in love with him, but then I remember I am just in love with that time in my life. I think about him everyday and I miss him everyday. But I am most definitely better off. I try not to think about all the stupid relationships I have gotten myself into in the past year or so. I must be the world's biggest sucker for heartbreak. I kept thinking "it won't happen again," but it always did. It always did.

It always does. And that is why I have changed. Hearts are sure to be broken. I have become a big fat cynic. I have stopped doing all the things I used to do. I have changed. I am no longer so dependent on other people. I choose not to be treated so badly. And I won't let him in. I wouldn't dare let him in. Because it will happen again.

I always wondered how people could be in relationships where they weren't wildly in love with each other. Where they didn't share everything and anything. I didn't understand normalcy and mere contentedness. Is that what's happening to me now?

Am I ok with that?