For you non-Albertans (Ashley) Bill 44 was passed recently. An awful step back in the education system that will allow parents to pull students from classes discussing sex, sexual orientation, and religion. 

I grew up in a Catholic school and sex ed was a joke. The most we ever did was label diagrams of genitalia and, of course, we learned about abstinence. I went into the world with an amazing ability to locate the Labia, or Vans Deferens, but no practical knowledge.  

I also grew up I believing that my sexual orientation was something to be hidden from the world, not something I could celebrate. In my family, it meant that I was a freak. I grew up hearing my Grandmother say that "queers should be dropped on an island where they could screw each other to death". I'd spend nights crying because I was never going to be able to make the life decisions that I wanted without being alienated from my family. 

I never, ever learned about bi-sexual or homosexual relationships at school. There was never anyone around to tell me that it was ok. My family asked me if I was gay, but it was in a way that was so sneering and hateful that I could never bring myself to tell them the truth.   

I lived a lie for years and years which may have finally been the cause of the end of my homosexual relationship. To many people, I have not come out of the closet. I can't bring it up casually, talking about being bi makes me feel like crying--I'd rather have my teeth pulled. Even though I'm away from home I've carried the homophobia with me. I don't want children to grow up like that, I want them to have someone around to tell them that that are not freaks. I want them to know that they have the option of pursuing a lifelong relationship with someone of the same sex.  

Being bi-sexual is confusing at the best of times. There are people who believe that I either do not exist or am sorely confused. Apparently it's one or the other--but what if it isn't? Homosexuality isn't brought up enough in schools as it is, and now parents can choose to keep their children ignorant. 

It's frustrating to watch this step back happen in schools and think that there are going to be more young people who are as confused and terrified as I used to be--as I still am, in many ways.

