Dear Everyone:

I had wanted to write a happy blog post about how my life is wonderful, because for the most part it is. But there are things going on right now that aren't happy and I need to address these things first.

As for being a feminist:

I’ll stop being a feminist when men stop harassing me in the streets because I’m wearing a dress; when they stop calling me names because I don’t want to have sex with them; when women are no longer held hostage by men; when young girls are no longer sold as cattle; when the rape of women is no longer a tool of war; when women’s rights are indistinguishable from human rights. That’s when I’ll stop.

I'm doing research on women's magazines and for the most part they are shallow. There are some good ones out there but the "Cosmopolitan(s)" outstrip them about 25:1.

My sister's boyfriend threw her out, but not before hurting her. He threw out because she asked him if he'd cheated on her (she'd overheard a conversation between him and his mother about it). 

I’ve been worried about my sister for a long time. I worry that one day he’ll kill her. I worry that whatever abusive man has stepped in to fill the void in her life will eventually push her to hard.

I’m scared right now that her ex will find her and hurt her, I mean hurt her more, he’s already left bruises and smashed her things. I don’t even know what kind of verbal abuse he’s showered on her.

Women don’t need more magazine’s telling them how to be fit and fabulous. Women need more magazines telling them how to get out of abusive relationships, and how to love themselves. Women need more information on how she can live on a shoestring budget after she’s been thrown out of her house.

We need more magazines that separate Miss Fairfax from her complexion. Otherwise, women like my sister will never learn that they are worth something. They’ll become adjusted to the abuse, and they’ll start to think they deserve it.

We need more love and less focus on perfection. We need more knowledge, and more education. We need to stop rolling our eyes every time someone describes themselves as a feminist. We need to accept that women are not considered equal in all societies, and we need to so something about it.

We need to stop being hurt.

Cheers,
Dani