I'm trying to read "The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test" while at work. So far, I haven't been able to get into it, but I think that is more of a result of the ultra fine print that this particular book has.

I finally took out "Wuthering Heights" from the library, and I'm a couple of pages in. 

"The Enchantress of Florence" by Salman Rushdie was a pretty good book. It has a theme that lingers on long after you've finished reading it, and characters so real that you want to ask them their opinions about selecting new wallpaper for your bedroom. Well, ok I can't really wallpaper the closet that I live in anyway--but if I could, I would ask Lady Black Eyes what she would recommend. The subtexts of the book are difficult to figure out sometimes, Rushdie seems to alternate his view on religion and women quite often.

I had a really weird moment a couple of days ago. I was really concerned that my fillings were picking up radio frequencies and broadcasting FM radio straight into my brain. Or maybe into my ears. I'm not really sure how that stuff works. As it turns out, Jason just left the television on.

I'm all alone at the Hotel today, all of the staff is out at the midway watching a play, and someone had to stay behind. I get to see it on Friday. The plays here are all written by Nick Green, an allegedly talented young playwright that also serves at the Hotel's restaurant (Johnson's Cafe). I'll let you know how his "Sideshow: A Double Header" goes.  

I'm looking into twitter as a possible venue for Cahoots to expand their readership. The trouble is, I don't really get twitter. I still don't understand why everyone thinks it is so wonderful.

I will be going to Motion Notion, http://www.motionnotion.com/, and Shambhala, http://www.shambhalamusicfestival.com/, this year. Two vacations? I'm thrilled! I have a couple of shifts at Sorrentino's to cover MoNo and vacation pay saved up for Shambhala. I even have rides arranged!  Adrian will be coming with me to Motion Notion too. Yay!

I am thinking of buying myself a present for my birthday. A one month unlimited pass to Bikram Yoga.  I also want a camera. Danny broke mine on our trip to Victoria last year. *bitter*

I yelled at some people on the bus about a week ago. I was sitting with my friend Amanda on the last bus to the West End on a Saturday night. Adrian and Matt, Amanda's Bf, were sitting nearby. Anyway this man kept leaning over and trying to talk to Amanda and I. Not really titillating conversation, oh no, it was more of the, "Hey, where were you ladies tonight" kind. He was so eager to talk to us that he kept interrupting our conversation. I got really annoyed and tried to brush him off mildly by saying we had been out with our boyfriends *meaningful look*. When that didn't deter him, I turned to him and said "Do you see me interrupting you in the middle of a conversation? Can't you see I'm talking to her?" I said this really loudly and irritably. I turned back to Amanda only to discover our conversation was further delayed because she couldn't stop laughing.

It was pretty funny, but I think it's one of those moments you had to be there for in order to fully appreciate it.

 

 