want to write things, but it's like everything is washed away before I get the chance.

I saw a picture of sweet trees, so I started researching Japanese maples. The land here is almost ideal for growing them. I started looking for them months earlier than I expected. Place I thought of had a few, but asking around led me to a farm that had 5000 Japanese maples. . Strange, I had driven by the place many times, and never thought it a thing to do to see what's inside.

It was, fun, looking at their trees after doing so much research. Finding a somewhat unusual pink leafed variety amongst the plants was exciting. I'm still worried if it will survive, looking somewhat small and fragile, but I decided to get one. I hadn't really thought I'd see a Purple Ghost, but just as I was about to leave, I saw a huge one practically dying in the sun. The colouring of it is so beautiful. . I love looking at from through a window as I walk by. I honestly can't stop stepping out to enjoy the sight of these trees.

I also got one that I think they gave to me at a discount because it looked kind of hopeless, but I think it will be a great tree. We'll see. . deciding on the right angle, and position is tough; there's so much to consider, and not much can be done for it in the future.

I wonder if the sadness I've felt will show through in these trees I've planted. . I've enjoyed these much more than I thought I would, but I long for the companionship of another person. . .

Here's a photo of a twig, showing the pink leaves..

The leaves change from pink, to green, to red. Even dried, it's strangely eerie seeing such vivid pink colours. It's difficult to photograph; I'll try to get an actual picture of the tree sometime.

. . I also picked up some ornamental chess pieces for the garden while out there. Loading them into my car, the king fell and broke in two. Really, the design for the king in chess is very fragile; I suppose it's appropriate considering the game. I find it adds a bit of story to the pieces; that this is after the critical moment where a king is taken, and the pieces are now milling about the field together. . I think it's better than if they were all intact.

I want to do more here, but it seems like an unjustifiable sort of task; I should be doing something mightier, but there isn't anything I've found yet.

