i genuinely do not comprehend why people are depressing themselves over the closing of play. (i purposefully chose to use 'closing' instead of 'closure' because the latter might belie significance)

i get it. i get that jobs are now lost but for everyone else - why in the world are you moping? the end of an era? really? if play constituted a large part of your existence then i am incredibly sorry on your behalf. it was an enjoyable club. inclusive, affordable plus it never failed to provide its niche of cheap thrills. however, above and beyond that, to have any spiritual connection to the club is completely laughable. sure, you can moan about how you now have one less night spot to frequent on your weekends in singapore but there are countless more just begging for your patronage.

i've seen comments lamenting how its closing also marks the decline of friendships that were forged there. honestly, clubs are pretty much the worst possible places to make lasting friendships. most of the people who go to play aren't even friendship material to begin with because they're too young to even know how to spell the word. if you're finding it hard to keep up relations with these alleged 'friends' that you made in play then they probably weren't very good ones to begin with. making your remorse known over losing friends just makes everyone else abundantly aware of how blithely ignorant you are to what true friendship constitutes.

i know i sound really harsh and i am sorry if you feel offended reading this but i genuinely cannot stomach another social media status post grieving the loss of the club. get over yourself and on with life already. in the first place, there should be nothing to get over - how can anyone anchor their humanity upon the foundations of a night club? you must be frighteningly shallow to have done that. i don't claim to have all the answers but i do know that at the end of the day, each and every one of our lives has to stand for something more than perpetuating a stereotype.

find some meaning, go read eat, pray, love or something. just please, please stop behaving like the end has come.