I want to tell you about my latest tattoo. In July of this year, shortly before Hills Alive (ok, like the day before ;), I went to Black Hills Tattoo with my best friend Dani, her boyfriend Darren, and everyone's friend Rachael. After some bartering with the artist (he did NOT like our choice of location and was very much violating his own "No Whining" sign), I went first. 

With the machine whirring in my ear, I thought through the whirlwind of pain and joy that has been our friendship since we first met last winter. I recalled moments where, faced with the immense tragedy of abuse and its consequences, the only possible response was to weep and pray for a healing that could not come from either of us. I remembered girls' nights with other women who had been through hell and back...but where we all had the most hilarious fun because we knew there was something worth living for. i remembered Dani's first tattoo---the pain of it, the rebelliousness, but mostly the statement of Whose she was. That she would not be owned by a destructive nature but a Lover who sacrificed all. I though of how she believed in me, that even though I'm a klutz and not handy at all with tools, we took on projects together to repair and restore and bring Light to our neighborhood. I remembered Joe and I welcoming her into our home as a place of safety, peace, and growth and the party on our porch with friends to celebrate that. I thought of the pure fun we have together-joking and teasing and throwing food on the floor (accidentally of course!). And I thought of the meaning behind our tattoos.

We each have a star behind our right ear. They are not the same, as we are not the same. Mine is blue and purple and embellished with curlicues. Dani's is pink with a trail like a shooting star. We are still probing the depths of the meaning behind them, but the overarching principle is that stars bring light and hope. That we bring light and hope to each other and to others. And that the only way we do that is by pointing each other back to God. Back to the truth of who we are and who He is. That we remember that it is absolutely essential to pass that Light on to a hurting world, wherever we find it (in ourselves, in our relationships, in our friends, in someone we run into on the street, in someone we see everyday but never really notice). Because we believe, better yet, we KNOW that love wins. God is love. And love wins.

