I'm not sure when I first felt that I was "back home" yesterday. I think it was seeing the familiar landmarks along Hwy 50 from Baltimore to Easton -the Red, Hot & Blue BBQ restarurant that I always wanted to eat at but never did, the ancient church butted up against the highway, and for sure the beautiful drive over the Bay Bridge. Heck, even the cat hospital felt like home~ although this time I was thinking about and missing Gary and Lucy when we drove by.

Huh. I've just written and erased about five sentences. I'm out of practice, because I am getting fearful of judgement. I go back and read what I've written and imagine someone reading and judging it and I just have to erase it because it doesn't sound good. I used to write because I had to, because the words needed to go somewhere and because I loved the creative process. I used to write for me, and I loved it. Now if I feel like I'm writing for someone else, or worrying what they might think, I hate it. I'd much rather not write at all. I've actually known people who have tried to tell me what my journal entries should look like or how long they should be for their convenience. They've threatened to stop reading if I didn't shorten my entries. Guess what? Please do! If you can't understand that my journal is for me and happens to be online so that those I love can share my work, I'd much rather not open myself up to you. I understand that everything online is public, but I'm not sitting on your shoulder telling you that you have to read my journal to be my friend. Shite. I write because of a passion for words and a desire to tell my story and to be able to look back at it.

So anyway, back to my previously scheduled program. In the short time over here, I am trying to soak in as many possible "Zoller" experiences as I can. I am finding my roots, tracing them back and basking in the love, depth, and up-front-ness of my natal family. Yesterday we drove past the old house. The house that we chose absolutely everything for...carpet color, tile in the bathroom, freaking cabinet handles. The house that Dad drove by nearly every day to watch progress on. The house that had a candle burning outside when I would come home from college. It does make me happy to see that the neighborhood became what the developers promised-a safe-looking family community with playgrounds sprinkled into the cul-de-sacs that were so carefully planned. Why, the "Mulberry Station Homeowner's Association" was even having a community yard sale.

It's so interesting to me that people and families are creating from scratch what we intentionally moved in to in Rapid. What I mean is, less than 10 years ago, the land of Mulberry Station had no houses at all (I'm guessing, I wasn't here....at least it didn't have 3 home styles to choose from with an optional brick or stone accent). In contrast, our home in RC was built in the 40's. Our previous home, down the street, was built in the 20's (I think). And in both places, we have yard sales, kids riding around on bikes, and people walking dogs. I would venture to say that Mulberry Station is quite a bit more homogeneous than our neighborhood (or at the very least, they don't have a squirrel guy like we do), but I think it's basic human nature to crave that community and sense of belonging.

Now I am getting hungry and want to start the day. Big day ahead, I'll write more later.