I'm not really sure what I want to write about tonight. Just been doing some thinking and some working and eating and playing and yeah. Lotsof randomness floating around in my head.

Been watching my kitties grow up. They sleep on our bed and seem to know whose they are. Although we technically share them of course, Lucy was Joe's pick and Gary was mine. Lucy sleeps either between us or on top of Joe, Gary on my pillow behind my head. Gary knows his name now and comes (sometimes, when he wants to) when you call him. Lucy knows her name too, but it will be a cold day in hell when she comes to you on YOUR terms. Haha.

The LOSS (Local Outreach to Suicide Survivors) team has been busy this week. We go to the home or wherever makes sense when someone dies by suicide and provide resources and a listening ear.  I went on my first callout this week as a volunteer in training. It was~at once different and exactly the same as what I expected. We also provided some resources for another death this week. I've determined that the stress of talking to suicide survivors sits right in my lower back. Joe's promised to help get out the hot tub ;)
Five of us are going to Memphis this week to The Great Emergence . For once, Joe is going on a road trip with me!! Yay :) Sweetness. We also plan to have some excellent BBQ with recommendations from the Flanegans. As part of our preparation, each person is making a CD with their meaningful songs on it, to help us get to know each other a little better.

I started reading The Shack. I know it's gotten a lot of hype, but from what I've read so far, it deserves it. I'm pretty inspired by the personas he chose for the three members of the trinity (God the father as an African cook/nanny ish, Jesus as the handyman, the Spirit as an Asian gardener...read it, it will make more sense) and of course any story of human pain's interaction with God is of interest to me.

We are remodeling our downstairs bathroom. Joe and our friend Alex tore out the nasty horrendous shower that was down there and stripped even the sheet rock off the walls (not a difficult task when it is deteriorating anyway). With help from Dani's grandpa, we are going to build a small wall and then tile in a shower. Should be pretty nice :) 

Yeah. So life is going along. I'm liking it. More to come later....:)

