So. We've decided to gradually introduce our kitties to the great outdoors. We've been doing our research and feel like it's the most loving thing to do for them. After all, a cat is not a houseplant. But I digress. Since they are our responsibility and we consider them members of the family, we also wanted to be sure that they are as protected as possible. The two main dangers in our neighboorhood are cars (although we do live in a relatively quiet part of town, traffic wise...as long as they don't get over to 5th street) and well meaning neighbors (who LOVE adopting and feeding stray cats). So this morning the kitities got reflective collars (for the traffic) with name tags (for the neighbors).

Now comes the fun part. Imagine if you will, putting a collar with a name tag on a cat, who, for its entire first year of life, has never really encountered any type of collar, leash, or restraint. These are free-roaming, naked kitties. Since they trust me and are used to me picking them up and petting them,etc, it wasn't a problem getting the collar on the cat. What happened afterwards is the thesis of this little diversion. They both kinda went nuts, trying to "groom" the collar off of themselves, and biting at the name tag. Now me being the omniscient human, I know that a) the collar really was best for them and b)I'd never heard of a cat dying simply from having a collar on them. So although they didn't feel like I loved them, I knew that I was. I could have ended the story here. I could have put the collar on them and walked away, resting in my confidence that I loved them, not matter what they felt like. But I didn't. Because love does include consideration of feelings.I knew they were feeling scared and uncertain~and maybe even a bit mistrustful of me (after all, I delivered the instrument of torture to their necks). So I simply resolved the situation with their favorite toys. I gave Lucy a catnip mouse and she promptly forgot anything else in the world even existed. I gave Gary a little plastic cat toy and he entertained himself a bit before falling asleep in his usual place on the piano.

As I was doing this, I was thinking (ok, I'm usually always thinking, maybe too much), that if I had only considered their feelings, I would never have dared to put a collar on them. In fact, I would probably just open the door and let them outside to explore as much as they seem to want to. If I had only considered their safety, they'd certainly never go outside. (although I'm not certain that a life of stress cooped up with two crazy dogs and lots of crazy humans is actually safer). But because I love them, I weigh both safety and feelings, and then just trust God with the things I can't control.

Happy 4th! Consider safety and feelings when shooting fireworks off! ;)