This isn't going to be a pretty, thought-out entry. I'm upset so my thoughts are flowing faster than my ability to really think them. I just hope the keyboard can keep up ;P Anyway, I would just like to pose a self-introspective question: why is it that I will fight tooth and nail to be respected as a female engineeer but not as a female minister? I spent almost eight years gaining the knowledge and self-confidence to “keep up with the boys” in my engineering career but in my ministry (both paid and unpaid capacity) I STILL often question my ability due solely to my gender (or my lack of a penis as Melissa would say haha!)

 

Don’t get me wrong, I did my research when I went into this “official” capacity. I chose a ministry with a history of at least one or two female ministers, supported by churches who have had women in equal leadership roles for years, decades, maybe even centuries (I don’t know my church history all that well yet). It is my honest, intellectual belief that women can and should respond to the call of ministry in whatever capacity (including preaching, teaching, leading, shepherding, etc etc etc) they are called and should pursue it as wholeheartedly as they would pursue any other field including the “male-dominated” ones…..law, medicine, engineering, etc etc etc. How in the world could I tell my daughter “sure, you can be anything you want EXCEPT a pastor”. That chafes my soul.

 

But my brain still feels a little strange about it. Of course it would, since I’m trying to deprogram nearly my entire childhood of church-going. It was literally my junior year of college before the concept that a woman could have a Divinity degree really even occurred to me on any level. It was only about two years ago that we started going to a church that had women elders and actually(!) let women speak from the pulpit. It was just this week that I realized that most of my mentors in ministry are men and started actively seeking women mentors (first stop, the rector of one of the Episcopal churches in town J since I think I’m Episcopalian at heart anyway).

 