So.....irony is when the person who promotes and demands complete honesty ends up in the psych ward because she has lived in denial so long. Yep. I was there. It was a nice retreat. Next time, I should just go to a bed and breakfast and spend some time by myself. But because I'm not (wasn't?) smart enough to take a break and get some help, I ended up with scheduled "outside time" and two visiting hours per day. I was there for two and a half days. The thing that was really clear to me is that I was there to get better, not to minister haha. Or to get started on that. To reconnect with God, to deal with things in my life, and to face the ways I've simply tried to be someone I'm not. It was a good time, or something like that. But I needed it. I had absolutely no boundaries with people in my life (ministry can be hard that way...you think that everyone needs you all the time and God would never let them down so neither should you), and took on all of the conflict and problems in UCM as my own and solely mine. 

The dumb thing about that is, before the last few months, I had really good boundaries. I knew what was my fault and what was not. I knew that it was my responsibility to treat everyone I met with love and respect, but to not get entangled in a problem that was theirs to solve. I even knew how to distinguish that. But something changed and I believed the world was my responsibility, instead of God's. Oh sure, he uses us and I had (have!) a lot to learn about how...but we cannot ever be responsible for other people's choices. Unfortunately or fortunately. I guess if I could, the world would be an easier place. Haha, not really. Because I don't always make good choices so I shouldn't be the only advisor for someone. 

Anyway. As hard as it is to retrace my steps and deal with some things, I'm starting it. I'm learning that Joe and I are actually more alike than we thought we were (i.e. we both get people burnout sometimes), and we're still in love after almost 5 years :) yay!!! I'm learning that I have nothing. If God puts me on another bathroom floor crying my eyes out, I'm going to scream. And then remember that "whoever wishes to save his life must lose it". And lose it again. And be thankful that I don't have anything and I never did. But He is good. His love is good. His love endures forever. So I'll sing. And dance. And hike. And swim. And cook (woohoo). And drink beer. All to His glory. 

Oh...and Dani moved out. Haha. And it saved our friendship :) Which is WAY different now than it ever was.

