Unlike Ashley , (sorry, girl!) sleeplessness generally doesn't get to me. I've often felt that even in the midst of great emotional turmoil, at least i've been able to shut it off and sleep. (problem with that is...I generally shut it off too much and then pretend everything's ok). But tonight, it's only partly the heartburn from the chili and lime chips that is keeping me up. I've been reading Shane Claiborne on this trip, and he gets to me. I'm not kidding. Even though most of the stories from The Irresistible Revolution are familiar from when I saw him speak in Chicago (yup, I threw that in there...can't help it, it changed my life!), the impact on me is still the same. 

I'm left feeling restless, uncomfortable with my lifestyle and priorities, and also hopeful in a grace bigger than myself (speaking of which, I need to get that darn tattoo). I'm thinking of the lives i've been able to be a part of, the changes I've seen in people, the hurts I've caused and hoped to repair, the amazement at the grace and forgiveness offered to me by a husband, a mom, a best friend. I'm thinking of the enormous responsibility I've taken on as a campus minister, thinking about what that means to me and how absolutely humbled I am by it. I am praying desperately to never ever think of myself as somehow "higher" on the spiritual food chain because I don't believe one exists.

And what actually got me out of bed was the racing brainstorm of ideas for this school year. In a nutshell, I want to help create a loving, open, supportive community on campus that worships God together in many ways...the biggest of which will be service. Service to each other, service to the campus as our primary community, and also service to the Rapid City community. What that exactly looks like, I can't know until I meet with my student leaders. Their voice is critical to me, although I won't mind pushing them beyond what they may have imagined was possible on campus. So I think I'll get to typing that list, and maybe some sleep will be possible afterwards. Did I mention that i'm glad to be back? ;)

