I don't really want to be writing. I want to be sleeping. But I know from experience that I won't be able to sleep unless I write. Catch 22, vicious cycle, whatever you want to call it. So instead of keeping Joe awake and putting off the inevitable, I've learned something and I'm here now.  Joined by my cat who nearly always follows me out of the bedroom and whose tail is in front of the screen right now :) I think my brain is telling me "think, process, create". I've done a lot of thinking and processing the last few weeks/months, but I don't want to forget the "create" part. Unfortunately, my writing is going to look a lot more like Dali and less like Monet for the foreseeable future, but oh well. Bear with me. Or not, I really don't care. (this place has always been primarily for me and secondarily for you haha)

The school year is all but over. We had a fiesta/open house last week for the students and board/community members that I thought went well. Since my only hopes about the night were that we had enough food (more than enough, turns out), the majority of our involved students showed up (they did), and some board members came (yep) along with maybe one or two congregational members (a few including my grandparents), I feel good about the night. I'm also very glad for the break. Haha, as I read that last sentence I realize how used I am to being diplomatic and "Christian-nice" as my board chair calls it. I'm not "very glad" for the break...I'm estactic (sp?). I've needed this break since Christmas break and maybe before. It's been an awful, no good, very bad year with just enough really good things thrown in to keep me alive. The summer is still bittersweet, though. As I sat with a few of my student friends at the Late Night Study Breakfast (the Student Affairs committee serves breakfast for the students the night before finals week starts), I realized that I will actually miss them! As ready as I am to take a breather and work in solitude, I'll miss my brothers and sisters! They are dear to me :) Which is exactly what I had hoped for...to form relationships and be a voice of peace and hope on the campus that has been so instrumental in my own faith/life/learning journey.  What do you know, the year wasn't a complete failure! As someone said...."God showed up"

Also, I sang at church yesterday for the second time. I don't know how good it sounded, but I had fun. I even went out on a limb and asked Bob (worship leader) if I could join him for some parts of a song he was going to sing solo. (Storm by Lifehouse).  It's interesting how I enjoy the music exponentially more if I'm helping to create it. (but I'm perfectly fine with letting other people create as well!). 

Saving the best for last.....I'm an auntie again! After a somewhat tumultuous last few weeks, pregnancy-wise, Kristen and Ryan are proud parents again! The baby had some troubles at birth but is doing much better, and his name is Alexander :) He is completely adorable. Congrats, family, on addition of new family :)

Anyway, I'm getting tired now. This time, at least, I didn't wake up with anything particularly pressing to write about (other than my amazing lack of social energy as of late...which apparently I don't even really need to write about) so I think I'm safe to go open up the windows for some fresh night air, curl up in bed with Joe and our kitties (hard to imagine sleeping without them anymore), and get some sleep.

Grace and Peace, all! (especially little Alex, Mama, Dad, and new big sister Danica)

