Gwen has been claiming to be "not content" recently. I grew up knowing that part of the family curse was the restlessness; my aunt told me once when I was about 13 that we Piersons were mal-contents. That we are constitutionally incapable of laying back and letting life happen around us.

The drive to keep moving, learning, changing is life itself and Hell. Its a quality that brings me the most pleasure and the greatest frustration. Its why my sister is finishing her double master's degree, teaching full time, and waiting tables 2 nights a week. Boredom is the equvilant of claustrophobia--we get scared, can't breathe, need to strike out for points west but there isn't always somewhere to go so we just strike out. Poeple don't understand this need; as vital as the need to breathe.

I've come to realize that most people want to maintain life exactly as it is (or they imagine it to be). A patient, my first patient when I began working in the AV in 1993 was beyond furious and frightened that her psychologist may be changing their schedule for the first time in 16 years due to work pressures. And she isn't alone in wanting things to be the same.

I think of those poeple as the Farmers; people who love to do the same things over and over and over--plow the same field the same direction every March; plant the same field using the same tractor and the same direction as before; then harvesting the same field, again driving the harvester the same direction round and round. They expect the Universe to give them predictablity, sameness, routine. This is a most important segment of society--they feed us, keep the books balanced, make sure the cans of veggies are all facing the same direction at the grocery store. Without them we'd have lots and lots of rugged individualists (okay, so we can't all be cowboys).

I get bored so easily! I reach a point where I know, "Okay, I'm done now." I can't do this anymore or I'm going to have to kill someone and it won't be me.

On the other hand I value being able to sink into the Now and revel in it. I value being able to complete a task. I love naps. I love orderliness. So I strive to balance these two; the need to change and the urge to be in the Now.

One of the things I love about being a therapist is the struggle to create order out of the chaotic mind or life or both of another human being. Sometimes I get to the point where I get good at a particular issue or technique then I need to change. It makes me a poor business woman; I can't seem to capitalize on my strenths; I want to explore my weaknesses, my blind spots--there is no pleasure in spending all my time doing what I'm good at. Real pleasure, real delight is in discovering something new, doing something new.

The thing I hate about being a Mother is the that I'm working the same field; over and over, same field different season. When she was born I knew that I'd be in a holding pattern for 20 years. I committed myself to that and both Randy and I have strived to remain in the same school district, the same house, the same routines so that she could have the order that is needed to grow up strong and straight. Our "crop" is doing well; its late spring and she is like a field of wheat: green, tall, and the seed heads are well filled. Now, God willing, she will mature throughout the summer and will be ready to be harvested in the fall 6-7 years from now. The nice thing about farming is that there is less to do in the summer other than pray that the rains come, the hail doesn't, locusts don't show up, and stupid people stay out of the fields. The doing nothing but pray drives some people out of farming--if you have nothing to do but pray, you are not in control.

Weariness with the same ol' same ol'. I really get tired of the routines of my life but I have to do it because that is what I do; this is what I've chosen to do. So long as I get to duck out of the yoke and get away once in a while I do well enough.

Gwen, though, is bored with the late summer routine and is ready for school to start. When school settles into a routine she will have to face the family curse again.

There is always something ahead, over the horizon, that pulls us forward. We are the Scouts, the Hunters. Our job is to keep the settlement safe, fed; to allow the Farmers the freedom to keep their fields bountiful. Unfortunately there isn't much need for checking out what's over the horizon anymore.