(I wrote this at 8am this morning then the stupid internet connection quit me)
I feel like I'm standing on the edge of a fog shrouded cliff's edge, alone and uncertain. I've been following the path that led here; it follows the edge of the cliff this direction and that but it never goes anywhere. After having spent a great deal of time walking back and forth along the edge I realize that the path, the Path is done and I have to decide to go back or step off the edge...there is no way down. Its like one of those games where the Character can't go past the big rock because the Character can't go past the rock...maybe something that was supposed to have occurred did not, maybe the game wasn't written for so the Character could go that way.

So here I stand at the edge of the cliff. Its becoming obvious that I will step off the edge given time. Right now I'm marshelling my resouces, checking everything to see it I think it might be useful for the events ahead (even as I haven't a clue about what the events might be), looking even at my attitudes, beliefs, behaviors, habits, even the very structure of my life as it has been up to now. When I step off the edge I may lose everything or I may keep everything. There are decisions to be made with no information about what's in front of me; stupid fog. All I have is the past to examine for clues.

So, what have I been doing for the last 30 years? Thirty years! Thirty years ago I married a farmer's son who was good in bed, lazy, loved the ladies, and as self centered as any 18 year old boy could be. That was a good decision for me. It got me out of my father's house and into adulthood. I plunged off that cliff as if I had wings!

Four years later I kicked the boy out with his girlfriend (underage, what were her parents thinking!) and moved a man into my bed. I married again; this time it wasn't a leap of faith but the beginning of a journey.

That Journey took me from a small basement apartment, college and managing sometimes 2-3 part-time jobs to California where my life began to look ordinary, average: paycheck to paycheck, debt, fatigue, yearning for something undefined. I dabbled in this and that, went back to school for a master's degree, got a professional licence, had a child, got ordained, and ......

I keep thinking that there should be a punchline or a moral. There doesn't seem to be. Or maybe I'm not old enough or I missed something. Maybe I need to stop looking for a way off the cliff. Maybe this really is good enough. Maybe I need to enjoy the present momment(now that's Buddhism for you!); really enjoy it, glory in its flavors and sensations and nuances. Maybe I need to come back to my Center, stop searching, have a beer, invite friends over, and have a party. Maybe I need to look at the points of pleasure in my life and stop spending so much time agonizing over the points of discord. Maybe I need to do what's in front of me and stop wondering if there is more to do or if I'm missing the point and should be doing something else entirely?

I'm really tired of doing and doing and doing, of worrying and wondering, of trying to control it all (what's to control, really? Traffic, perhaps? Or the actions of others? Or the way dishes seem to appear out of thin air and clutter up my clean kitchen counters?).

Perhaps that what defines the cliff's edge; giving up Doing and Controlling and Fretting. Maybe that's what the fog is hiding; my own insecurity that life goes on whether I Do/Control/ Fret. Maybe I need to be a Cat more often--lay in the sunbeam, slap down kittens because I can, eat what's in front of me, catch the ocassional bird, get pet regularly, and put up with the ungentle love of the likes of kids, and be comfortable in my own skin...

Perhaps there isn't a moral or a punchline. Maybe this really is all there is. Maybe I really am OK. Maybe happiness really is in a life well lived and contentment is the sunbeam on the floor. Maybe sitting in the window and watching the birds really is good enough.

Ah, what the hell. I think I'll call Larry and see if he has time for a massage today, make Gwen her oatmeal, and have a shower. And I'll put my attention into enjoying each and every one of those things and all the other things too small to note down here.