Took Gwen and friends to the beach--it was windy, sandy, and the waves were high-ish...the long boarders were out. Mostly they played in the sand, digging a hole to China then burying Hailey in it. She panicked a little as she tried to get out but with some help, made it. The very last wave of the day curled over them and smashed them down--they came up sputtering and more than ready to go home.

I'm going to be exhausted when the girls leave here in 10 days...I want them to have a good vacation but I don't want to just run and run, too. I guess I'll have to figure it out.

My sis isn't coming. I figured as much. I think Randy and I will go for a mini-vacation when Gwen is gone. He'd like to go to San Francisco and I'd like to wander a bit in the central coast so we'll see. We got lots more work to do, he and I.

He's trying to be available but isn't. He has a job that keeps him well away from the daily responsibilities of the household which doesn't help; very much like he's had very ligitimite reasons to work away from home for the last 10 years. I see a pattern; not conscious, but a chosen one nonetheless. He went to work; while I saw clients today, had one emergency call, prepared for the beach day, collected kids, took kids to Manhattan Beach, policed kids, drove kids home, made supper then cleaned up, showered kids, and made sure that his coffee will be ready at 4am when he wakes up. I'm not whining, exactly; I'm simply not willing to let it go.

I'm not willing to let it go. I am waiting for some recognition for my contributions to the household and child rearing. I don't expect him to understand what I do at work anymore than I understand what he does at work. But I am wanting him to see what I do, too.

Gwen is getting too big for her britches...for me. I can handle a great deal of her sass but she's beginning to be more disrespectful than I can tolerate. I sometimes get a great deal of criticism for the way I handle Gwen; for not slapping her down when she gets mouthy. This is where my own I'll-never-do-that comes in. I hated being slapped down, sometimes physically, for having an opinion, doing something my way, or trying to confront an adult. I know that Gwen can be sassy, even disrespectful of me and my authority, but...I need a balance between letting her be herself and demanding that she kowtow to me. However, even I can see the imbalance right now and she is simply out of hand.

Time for my shower and bed.