Yep, I hate the whole parenting job: no training, no supervision, no guidelines, and no support. I hate needing to be teacher/social worker/probation officer/home economist/judge/ and angel of mercy in varying degrees and situations all of which can change in a moment without notice.

While Gwen was gone I spent time figuring out how to better parent her; not as knee-jerk responses but with some notion of long term results. I talked with her about responsibility for herself and as member of the household; we discussed my expectation that she deal with chores, homework, and her own attitude. We discussed respect for me and for authority.

Then, when I walked into the house last night and the chore list was not done (the same 15 minutes worth of tasks that was there when I left 4 hours previously) and she was sitting in front of the tv with her dad doing the math part of said list I went ballistic. Randy immediately assured me that it wasn't her fault; that he had told her she didn't need to do the rest of the list until later; and that I was being unreasonable.

How in the hell am I supposed to teach her to be responsible for herself if excuses are always being made for her lack of compliance? How am I supposed to teach her to respect authourity (or me) is she is allowed to dismiss my instructions or deadlines? I am not very good at the whole consistency thing as it is and I need to stay solid, too. What I need is back-up and support, not sabotage and dismissal.

Of course, she jumped on the bandwagon of "It wasn't my fault; you got home too early." The more they tag-teamed me the more ballistic I went. I left the house to run an errand and while I was gone she and he got it all done (I was gone 30 minutes).

Randy and I were able to settle down and talk about the real issues: I felt really sabotaged and that he is very passive when it comes to parenting and to pursuing a relationship with me. I really am trying to figure out how to be in relationship with a man who states that he doesn't put anything into the mix so much as waits for the mix to present itself to him in a way he can grok.

I am so weary of his passivity.