Gwen is going to Dallas to spend a couple of weeks with her best friend after having said BFF here for a week. Well... The week hasn't been so good for Gwen and I don't know if its been good for Hailey, either: Hailey came with the expectation of connecting back up with friends here, its her first time back since leaving a year ago to move to Seattle followed this spring by a move to Dallas. She's finding friends who aren't interested in her anymore. Gwen, on the other hand,was expecting to have Hailey, her Best Friend Forever, pretty much to herself. I don't know how this summer will play out for the girls in the long run.

I'm having a reaction to Gwen being gone for 2 weeks. Its one thing to have her gone while we are all on vacation but here, at home, I am going to be home without her here. I thought that would be great but now...

I'm realizing that being a Mother has become the core of my identity. I get a great deal of satisfaction out of caring for others that goes deeper than nice; I feel that I am doing something that contributes to the work and welfare of others. The Dark side of being a Mother that is forcing itself into my awareness is that I use tending to the needs and comforts of others as a way of avoiding my own needs and comforts. And that tending can become forceful if necessary.

In the last year or so I've been trying to examine what I want personally, socially, spiritually, and relationally. I'm finding that I've spent most of my life working towards self-sufficiency and away from dependence/interdependence with others. I've tried to stand strong and proud, an island that others visit but never live on. What I'm finding is that I've set up a good, strong, useful, satisfying life that is progressively more and more lonely. I've let being Gwen's Mother be the focus and force of my internal life as much to give her what I didn't get myself as a child as, I'm beginning to think, to give myself a purpose that didn't challenge my own need to be an island. I've been fighting my head about Randy not being everything I want him to be without looking at how he supported and nurtured my goal of self-sufficiency.

As Gwen enters her leave-taking stage I'm finding that I need to define what it is I want and to begin to wrestle the Universe into giving it to me. Tentitively, what I want is idependence interlaced with interdependence flavored with just a dash of dependence...all over ice. Or, warmed and served in a brandy snifter to be savored on a winter's night.