Its a fine morning! I"m sitting outside in my backyard wondering why the bougainvilla has two shocks of white bracts instead of the pink ones everywhere else? The hummers are dive bombing each other. And the house next door that has stood empty for most of a year appears to be bought...I wonder if its a group home? There is a loud, inarticulate male voice over there laughing and telling someone to "stop it."

I worked in group homes for a couple of years in my younger days. I wouldn't mind so long as the occupants aren't sex offenders. Palmdale has way more than its percentage of sex offenders because they must be released back into their county of arrest and the cities where they were offending don't want them back....so they send them up to the desert the way city folk bring their poor dogs up to dump them "back into the wild" when they don't want them anymore. Its a good thing that very, very few sex offenders are predators...again like the dogs; they just want to find a home but most die alone and unwanted.

Back to my yard: my big plum tree has borers; a result of the sudden change in watering patterns the last 2 years that caused it to weaken. I'm going to have it taken out this fall and a desert appropriate tree put in its place. Something that will exist on substantially less water than a fruit tree.

I'll be rearranging plants this fall as well. I want more color. The lilies that the landscapers planted just arent' very showy and they don't like my yard. I"m not sure what to put in...probably sylvia. I have some oraginium in the back planter that aren't really tall enough to show themselves off, maybe I'll bring them up into the front. They have really fun purple flowers the hummers like.

The colors seem to be purple (because I like lavander), yellow, and red. Good colors. I'm going to be planting rebeckia, mexican hat, and hollyhock seeds in the back along the fence now that its painted. A kind of deserty cottage flower garden. When Randy and I were wandering in Monterey and environs I would take a seed pod from every fun hollyhock I found--even one of the almost black ones and one of the deep, rich red. Maybe I'll add some sunflowers too.Things that will make the back more interesting.

I'll rototill the meadow and reseed it to just the gamma grass. Its too unruly with the wildflowers in it; its gotten messy and I want my yard to have a sense of order in its unruliness. I want Koko to have a good back yard--she's the guardian now that the dog is gone.

Oh! I met a lady who places "retired" greyhounds--talk about lovely dogs for me! They are apparently as much couch potatoes as Rowdy was, don't really like to work, and need quiet loving homes. I can give that. I really like having a dog and miss it. An elegant little greyhound would suit the bill just fine. And they don't have undercoats so Randy wouldn't have many allergy problems. Not for a while, but ......