I'm feeling whiny. My back hurts, I'm feeling overwhelmed by Gwen's emotions, all my patients are vanishing, its smoky and I don't want to go outside, I want to go to bed and sleep for days and days, and (let's see, what else) the fire is scary, and I can't wait for school to start in a week.

I'm scared that Gwen won't do well enough emotionally or academically at school and I'll feel I have no other choice but to home school her. A couple of weeks ago Randy accused me of "sabatoging" her school process because I "had my mind made up that there was no other option" but to homeschool. No, I'm just all twisted up like a pretzel over the whole thing...trying to be a good parent and survive the next few years when I didn't have a parent looking out for my best (or even my worst) interests. Yeah, its call Transference; Freud talked a lot about it. It sucks.

I want to see foster kids. I'm good at it. I like it. Its a good match for me and my skills, talents, and inclinations. Our local CPS people aren't pulling them out of their homes and they aren't coming into my office--the other therapists are saying the same thing...kids are going to get hurt, even killed and I'm not working...

I did have a conversation with the owner of a non-profit last friday...she wants me to work with her agency in some capacity providing therapy, etc. to their kids. I want to, too. But her office manager is avoiding me. More phone calls.

Randy is off to Conneticut (I can't spell that one, sorry). He's really lonely and wants to be home. He comes home tomorrow.

And I'm feeling the summer settle down, ease itself into the routine of autumn and I'm starting to want to run away. Need adventure! Don't get it. Bored. Yep. Bored. Same ol' thing. I need some adrenaline...to ride a half broke horse off the side of a canyon; to talk a suicidal woman off the brink; to laugh enough that I break through this lethargy. Nothing scary, just thrilling.

At least the meditation has me almost into a fully non-reactive state (like Tyflon) with it all. Boredom, Gwen's tantrums, loneliness. That's interesting. I just observe my environment, sort through my responses and pick the most appropriate one. It feels better than the rage I used to feel but there isn't any real enthusiasm. More meditation. I want to feel that oneness with the universe; I want to start tapping into the whole Universeal Love thing. It'll help.

Gwen, on the other hand, is reacting the way I used to. Over the top grouchiness; touchy, what my dad used to call owly...still does for that matter. I had a horse when I was a kid that was always pissed off that someone had the audacity to mount him. He'd hump up as soon as I'd swing on and if I screwed up he'd iron me out on the ground. So I'd just sit there and wait for him to get over it. He always did. That's the way it feels like to be around Gwen...waiting for her to whack me over the head with a tantrum. I'm suprised that Randy stayed around; I'd of left me if that's what I was like to live with.

I have to say one thing about the trantrums; I felt alive when I'd have one. Not this half life. I sure hope that this wears off soon. I'm not having fun.