Oh My Goddess! I did it; I joined the Facebook friends. Its all Brian's fault... I'll see if its okay; I'm sort of a public figure and I don't want my life paraded for the world to see. People I invite in, okay. But no, not everyone.

Gwen's internal struggle is reminding me of how awful my own life was at her age. I thought it was all circumstances but it wasn't; clearly it was also being a pre-teen with all the menarche hormones/brain development/etc. stuff as well. She's rapid cycling bi-polar; she's self-aware; she clings like a leech; she wants to face it all alone. And she wants me to be her Witness, her Mother Confessor, her Mentor, and her Whiping Girl. At the same time all that is going on I have to also insist that she be courteous, do her chores, that she learn how to do basic household stuff, as well hold the line about school.

I don't know how she will do emotionally this coming year. I came out of these years fragile but finally figuring out how to sort out my experiences at the hands of my mother and at the hands of my step-mother and father. How much was them, how much was hormones, how much was the inability a child has to make meaning out of the craziness of the world around her when her adults are incapable of being orderly, understanding, or just sane?

In many ways I feel like I'm finally sorting out what I really am as a human being. My teens feel like a time when I was playing the mole in a whack-a-mole game although I had allies in the form of my friends (thank goodness for friends); my 20's were about figuring out how to pass as a grown up or a facsimile thereof; my 30's were becoming an adult for reals; and my 40's have been about facing the pain of childhood, finding peace, realizing wholeness, coming to terms with my character defects and honoring my character strengths.

Recently I've realized that I've been hiding inside myself to avoid feeling things that were a part of the my own crazy times, my pre/adolescence and early 20's: loneliness, abandonment, weakness, grief, bewilderment... Things that no longer define my experience even as I've kept my head down just in case there's a large hammer out there ready to whack me. Now I'm feeling oddly vulnerable as I stand up and walk around as if there is not hammer, proving to that internal Little Girl that her reality is long gone; knowing that the world can be a scary place but trusting in my ability to meet manage my own experience in it. I'm learning that both my deficits and my strengths can be trusted.