School started today for Gwen. Hooray! It looks like the school finally clustered all the gifted kids. Now all she has to do is pass the test to advance into the 8th grade math class. Why? That's a good question. She passed the 7th grade math class last year with a B average. Hummmm, I think I will email the principle with he question. Seems like they don't have much faith in their teaching.

I'm feeling more on top of things. I need to drum up some business but other than that I'm quite content. My stupid hormones just don't quit jerking me up and down. Ahh well, its not like I'm 13 and don't have a clue what's going on with me. Luckily I'm able to keep an eye on these things.

I was talking to a patient who is in the middle of a Lupus episode about taking naps since she can't seem to get a good night sleep. I suggested that she lie down when she feels her energy ebb in the early afternoon. She looked at me like I was crazy. As we talked I realized that she had no idea how her personal circadian rhythm moved. She was born in L.A. where there is no such thing as down time; there are no seasons other than fire season and the Santa Ana season; there is the expectation that you will work at 100% capacity at all times or someone smarter, younger, more attractive than you will shove you out of your seat and take your place. This poor woman has no idea that her Lupus may be affected by her own inability to flow with her internal rhythm.

Anyway, that's one of the things that I'm being aware of as I approach the big Five Oh; my own seasons, my own ebb and flow. In a way, I'm finding my way into a stability that I've never felt before emotionally or physically. There isn't a great deal of passion here but there is an intensity of focus, a drive that I've never had. The passion is giving way to a matter of factness that feels calm. I like this. The fire I've always lived with is releasing its grip and I'm able to see my choices unobscured by the urgency of the flames. Randy thinks that I'm coming to understand him better; to see life as he does. What he doesn't understand is that I'm finding myself less interested in driving myself crazy and more interested in finding my way into things, activities that satisfy me.

I no longer care if I'm the one who does the cooking, yardwork, whatever. I want it done so I do it. Yeah, once in a while I get cranky but for the most part, I just do it so I can get onto what I want. In some ways its more than ever all about me but without the tantrum when I can't have my way.