Sitting here playing Majong on the computer and listening to Alabama, Greatest Hits I'm thinking about this feeling in the pit of my stomach that I got when Randy gave me a kiss to the top of my head and went upstairs to bed. I couldn't decide if it was anger, loneliness, or resignation. What I decided was that it wasn't really any of the above. Its an old feeling, one I've lived with since I came to this Godforsaken place. The feeling is one of not-belonging here. And Alabama is one of those good ol' country bands that reminds me of HOME; the values, the struggles, the pleasures of PLACE. I love their songs, even their love songs are gentle and solid one love forever kind of songs. Alan Jackson does the same for me.

I don't belong in California. Yeah, I know people that I love and that I will grieve leaving behind but I really, really want to leave.

I think about my friend Larry who was born in the San Fernando Valley; when he drives through it he knows its street grid, its landmarks. He is HOME. He's been in the Antelope Valley for longer than I've been alive. He feels as at home here as he does in the Valley. Its home; he's watched it change, grow, transform. His one foray out of So. Cal was short-lived due to circumstances but I wonder if he'd of come home anyway?

I think of my brother, Bo, who is at HOME on his ranch, raising his kids like he was raised. Just a poor dirt rancher, driving a semi to make ends meet; punching cows and driving tractor. His wife works in town, 50 miles away to help out. But they are both HOME.

I don't know what home is but I know that I don't have it. I thought it would be wherever Randy was but he's not been around enough since we moved to So. Cal to make it home with me. And I still feel lost here. Lost, no longer alone. But my friends, the people I love, tend not to live near here--Brian is in Tacoma, Mark and Karen are in Wisconsin, Sami is still in Montana, Lisa is in S. Africa. Even Becky lives in Redlands even though she comes home 1-2 a month. Larry is here, Frank is here. But its not the people...

I always thought that Home was the people but its not. It really is a place.

I'm so tired of this feeling. Its homesickness; the yearning for the embrace of HOME. When I drive across the border of Montana, I'm home. When we drove through Wyoming and the Dakotas this summer I felt home, not HOME, but home. When we were in Santa Fe I felt home. When I'm in Olympia, WA I feel Home. Closer. When I drop off into the Brakes, that sudden drop into the badlands of the Missouri River I feel HOME. I feel the land itself embrace me joyously. At the AA Retreat that I'm not going to be able to attend this year, I feel some of that embrace; not the same but somewhat. Driving back to Seattle a few years ago along the northern part of Montana, east of Missoula in the foothills I felt HOME, I think. I felt it in the Bear Paw mountains outside of Havre.

I've chosen to live here for a while longer; until Gwen is through high school. Maybe. I'm beginning to think that 8th grade is the best I can do. I'm really getting tired of living with this feeling.

But I've named it and I know that once named, a Demon can be banished. If not banished, at least, maybe if I'm lucky, controlled for a while before it eats me. Maybe I can release this before it eats me alive.