Did my heart go? I feel like everything ive ever promised myself has fell through. Being there for Emily, making our friendship better, getting a good job, enjoying my life. Being who i really want to be. I feel like everything melted away. Like all my plans changed, and turned into something else. I feel so incapable of anything, anymore. I feel like such a let down, to my family, to my friends, to everyone who has ever been there. I am not even sure if its because i've learned to deal with not feeling bad about letting people down, or what. I just feel so.. empty anymore. I get upset over little things. I just feel like i am on my own. I finally turned 18. I feel old. I feel like my life isn't waiting for me anymore. That i am going to have to make decisions and that not everybody is going to be happy with them, but they're going to have to be made. I don't even know how to sit down and explain it to anyone anymore. I don't feel the need too. Which probably makes it ten times sadder in the end. I feel so alone. So freaking alone. But whose to blame? I really can't sit here and blame it on my friends, no they didn't do anything and yet they've got the short end of the stick. I can't blame it on my family. They just tend to be more needy then anything, and i won't lie. I know my parents are afraid of letting go of me. Which is sad i suppose. I don't even know if i want to let go yet. I mean, i'd love to go out on my own, and make my own way. But they still help me so much. I don't know if id be able to do it. Who knows. Maybe i am just overthinking this way too much. Maybe i should just fall over and listen to Bob. I mean hes got the right idea. Believe me. Living with him would make me very happy. But i don't know if id be able to deal with his mood swings, and how controlling he tends to be. Yet i don't want to see my life progress without him. I really don't know what to do. I feel cornered in my own life. And to be honest, its a really scary feeling. More scary then anything actually. eeek. Someone help me out ):