kelly is right. things have been so utterly ridiculously confusing lately. everytime i think of any of the four boys i've given my heart to, i come to tears.
ok well... i never gave jared my heart but i checked up on him...he's looking great and i think he has a girlfriend. i wish i wouldn't have been such a little prick but his friendship was a good experience

paul no longer talks to me. he has a girlfriend as well. so much for being his best friend. i guess getting a real girlfriend and graduating college will make even the most antisocial people drop their internet friends...seven years... he will always have a piece of my heart. even though he never wanted it.

him...i went to the bulldog friday. eve and i always see this guy blaine who we actually met there. this time he had a bunch of his best friends with him... including HIM. yes, him. my biggest heartbreak ever. i think it was only a few weeks too... but he hurt me more than anyone else has ever hurt me before. it's even possible that my most recent ex was just a huge rebound from HIM. it only took a few conversations to make me give him a huge piece of my heart and make my body compulsively shiver. not love. but as close as i've ever been. and then he met me. and decided my best friend was better. but never even told me. saw him at the bulldog. either was being a jerk and just pretending not to know me... or has too many sluts to keep up. i'm not sure which ones worse. apparently i'm the hardest person in the world to remember.

and then him... i'm coming to realize i think i was using him to make me feel just a little more whole and a little less empty. because i don't even care if i come off as an idiot to him.

i no longer cry over any boy...except HIM. from the bd. everytime i hear his song... and when i was sitting there he made blaine sing part of his song. my heart literally fell to my toes. i teared up and had to get drunk just to not cry in public. i'm tearing up as i type this. i'm not sure why he was so special to me. i was obviously NOTHING to him.

anyway. besides boys...everything is confusing. not sure which step to take in which direction. one day at a time hurts and looking to the future is too much.

i guess i'll just have to hurt.





and as always. no matter what anyone says. i have always felt so completely and entirely alone and empty.



/end.