I've been busy with other things - blogging or journaling or whatever it is I do here has taken a back seat to reading science/skeptic/atheist blogs, taking 3-5 mile walks five or six days a week, making little houses and little figures (or dolls - I suppose it's in the eye of the beholder), hanging out with my new friend Denise.

The houses are going in several divergent ways at once. There's the collage thing, where the house becomes basically a page for journaling on. And there's the installation thing, with the little people; and I'm working on some more fantastical houses of various stripes, that aren't meant to evoke abandoned houses in the real world at all.

The walking is great. One thing I can't understand is, how come after all these weeks of constant walking, my legs still ache by the time I get home? Or sooner? Shouldn't all that muscle be built up? Shouldn't it get easier??

Denise is awesome. Yep, she's the new girl I was talking about a few weeks ago. We had dinner that first time, then a lunch I spoke about, then we got together a third time and then on Wednesday I went over to house and we hung out and she made pesto. I know, I sound silly. We've discussed animal rights, post structuralist theory, the panopoly of bad ex-boyfriends, pets, music, girlfriends, death, babies... you name it. We really hit it off. It's good to feel like someone gets you. I notice I'm still hanging back a little, though. I think I can trace that back to The Betsy Situation, even though that was five years ago. You never know how something's gonna affect you until it does.

Last Friday I went to a protest outside a local high school. Actually, it was an anti-protest; the Westboro Baptist Church nutjobs arrived in RI and were protesting at the hs because it has a LBGTQ student group. I heard about it from, and protested alongside, the RI Atheist Society, and I might go to one of their meetups this month. And in related news, there's supposed to be a pro-marriage equality rally tomorrow at the statehouse (RI is the only state in New England that either hasn't legalized or isn't moving toward legalizing gay marriage. Grand.) I might attend that rally.

It's raining like crazy and the rain barrels are filling up - this is a good thing. And the cats love to sit in the windows and sniff the ozone through the screen, watch the water dripping off the eaves.

Eric is still in NYC; he'll probably be back on Tuesday. If YOU'RE in Manhattan, you should google "Manhattanhenge" - it's cool :-)