Chapter 1

Arman was brought into the council chambers with chains attached to his arms and legs by the death hunters. The covenants elite task force of vampires whose responsibility it was to ensure security of the council members. Cassius looked around the room and sensed the disquiet trembling through it. He had heard many of the whispers over the last few months. None of which were at all unsurprising he realized that his conservative policies had not won him any favors with the much newer members of the Covenant. The members were growing younger day by day it seemed. He had his reasons of course, there was a time for everything and it was fast approaching, however, he could not act, not just yet. He knew that this decision would indubitably cause mutiny and his usurping from the high council. This however was the least of his concerns for he had a rare gift among Vampires. The gift of foresight something very few had ever harnessed, and why should they with quickness unrivaled by any species there was never a need for it. However, Cassius’s ability was that which made him strongest of his kin. It was this gift that aided him in becoming the head of the high council and was the reason that he was the eldest of his kind left. If there was one thing that Arman was correct about it was that Cassius was still very much old school because he had been raised in an age where the race was always at war with external foes, man, the wolves, and other covenants. However, times had changed and the new age was upon them and Cassius knew it, more than anyone of his kind could possibly imagine. It was for this reason that he was holding Arman responsible it was for this reason that arman must be tried for treason against the covenant.

The accused, One, Arman Moldova of Brockeshyre estate stands before this council to be judged for crimes committed against the covenant. My son, you stand accused of the following charges: conspiracy to commit high treason, betrayal of the secrecy of the covenant, and failure to follow the council’s policies for hunting. You have endangered this species, and put our covenant at great risk. What say you?

Arman looked up loathingly into the somber eyes of Cassius and thought to his self ‘you’ve gone soft old man’ and then hearing the hiss of whispers going around the council chambers behind Cassius's back Arman stepped forward, his hands held out in a jovial un-threatening manner. These words, I say in address to the council members who would rather whisper than take a stand. I say them in response to your worst fears. You all share knowingly behind our fearless leaders back in part the betrayal and mutiny I am charged with. You know and believe as I do that he is too old to carry out the needs as the leader of this covenant, that he airs on the side of caution and his conservative attitudes towards the humans is the only danger we face. The time for shared whispers is over. You all stand around plotting treason and scathingly insulting our leader’s conservative policies without the guts to do anything about it. I stand before you today and plead guilty to these charges. If I am guilty for suggesting that it is time for change that the old ways of the covenant are no longer relevant than so be it. The new world has made them obsolete. We Vampires were once feared by the masses and what have we become under this rule? Nothing more than a shadow limited to hunt only in certain zones designated by our fearless leader’s choosing. We are no longer facing the danger that we once were. The statue for secrecy has served it’s purpose and rendered it self extinct. It is time my friends for fresh blood, new life, and a new council. If I am guilty of anything it is for wanting to revive and save our great species from dying of hunger. I STAND UP FOR THE NEW COVENANT AND ITS NEEDS. WHAT DO YOU STAND FOR WITH YOUR COWARDLY WHISPERS AND SCATHING GOSSIP? YOU HAVE THE AUDACITY TO HOLD ME IN CONTEMPT AGAINST THE COUNCIL? I ASK, WHAT SAY YOU, RONAN? VITTORIA? ERIK VIKTOR MEDUSSA? WHAT SAY YOU?
BECAUSE I SAY THAT THE ONLY PERSON WHO HAS BETRAYED THE COVENANT IS CASSIUS. With these final words Arman sat on the chair and gestured with his arms not to Cassius but to the rest of the council members as the chamber fell completely silent.
A sudden torrent of shouting and berating broke the quiet amongst the Chare members of the council of the elders, as if it were a tidal wave of mutiny threatening to bring down Cassius from within. Isaiah had been dreading this moment for the past century. It saddened him to see the shaping of the political landscape of the so-called ‘new covenant’. There was a large uprising from the younger members of the council, and apparently Cassius had underestimated the youth of this one. Nevertheless, he carried on with the trial. When Cassius spoke again it was calm and unflinchingly even “the council has heard the charges and has heard from the accused it will now deliberate. All in favor of conviction say I? There was a pause as few of the older and more loyal elders murmured I. And all opposed to conviction? There was a much larger torrent of voices, to which Cassius nodded his assent. The council has spoken it appears you have a very large fan base Mr. Moldova and without so much as another word Cassius swept out of the chamber room.
WHAT IN THE HELL IS HE PLAYING AT? Arman shouted at the closing door.

Cassius swept up to the tower of the East Wing to his private study and locked himself in. He stopped abruptly facing the mirror in the corner of the room and started at where his reflection should have been staring back at him but all that reflected in the mirror was the dusty outline of the bookshelves lining the walls behind him. Cassius knew his time, as the high council member of the elders was growing thin. The other elders would never question or doubt Cassius’s leadership for that he knew. However, the decision to release Arman meant that the backdoor politics and the unsettling rumors that he was unfit to hold the council would only continue and get worse. The deliberation tonight had shown Cassius that Arman had rallied far more support within the covenant than he thought possible but with the growth of youth elected to the council and the new ideals of the century spurred on by Arman’s charismatic speaking skills he should have seen it coming. Cassius didn’t stand a chance of winning a political war against Arman and Arman would be sure to want him gone after Cassius’s order to try him as a traitor. He would have to unite those who were loyal by doing what he did best, acting on his foresight. He knew that what he was doing was right. He knew that for things to come off without incident or provocation he had to retain a level of secrecy that he regretted. Keeping certain facts and ideas from the council was not what he had intended, he had hoped at least to be able to have more to go on and present to the other elders before passing the information he stumbled across to them. However, in order to survive in this world secrecy sometimes was a necessary weapon. He now alone was the only one that held the key to the future of Vampires. He alone would have to act and recall some friends who had scattered to other countries and with their help and those inside the covenant still loyal was the only hope the species had for survival. He was reminded of his mortal father, ‘and what do we do son if we find our self in a situation where there is no way out?’ and Cassius looked at his father innocently and with an air of ignorance of those who were pure at heart and said ‘but surely father there is always a way out?’ His dad chortled and said: ‘but sometimes son one will find himself in a situation where there is no solution, there is no exit, no escape, nothing at all. It is in that moment that a man must face his worst fears that he must realize there is only one answer’ Cassius listened to his mortal father speak entranced by his words ‘and what is that solution father’ he had asked. The solution my son is that he must find a way deeper in. When faced with no way out, you have only to go to the heart of the problem and dig your way in to it and only then can man face what he fears. The vision of that moment flashed past Cassius’s eyes. That was so very long ago but he had not forgotten that advice.
 