The words that I would like to use if I could string them all together in one coherent mode of thought would be:

Inept
Maladaptive
Dysfunctional
Valueless
Fruitless
Contemptuous
Careless
Stupid fucking selfish moronic girl.

Yes, I would like all those words to be known.

Here's the story, my step-cousin, Denise landed herself in the hospital because she's fucking inept, and careless and decided to get drunk with her boyfriend who is dysfunctional, maladaptive, and an overall douchebag. As a result of her valueless decisions and own moronic ineptitude she drank far too much and got into a large moronic fight with her douchebag bf and got beat up. Thus, my only grandfather and her grandmother (my grandfathers common-law-sorta-cow-of-a-girlfriend) had to spend hours at a hospital with her completely stressed out beyond what any 81 year old should have to encounter. In the haste of all that was happening, he did not eat, nor sleep the night of this incident proceeded to go home without food again didn't sleep and return to the hospital to pick up the inept, valueless, careless, stupid fucking selfish moronic girl. While at the hospital, having not eaten, decided to have an ulcer rupture in his esophagus thereby causing him to bleed all over the floor and fall, fainting, flat onto his nose.

Luckily, He was at a hospital the ulcer was identified before he bled out and they were able to cauterize and staple it. So my lovely, wonderful, step-cousin in her own stupid, idiot, selfishness which she was warned about once before. Fucked herself over with the same contemptuous bastard boyfriend and ended up putting far too much stress on my poor old grandfather and her poor (cow) of grandmother for their age.

This resulted in my grandfather being hospitalised for 2 days. Thankfully he is alright. However, I am downright livid and am about ready to go roll some heads. I am not even joking, I was halfway into my car when I remember that If I turned the ignition and drove off the pad I could lose my license permanently. Thankfully, some of us in this family have some theory of mind and common sense.


Only that this adds strain on my as I now have to go look after my grandfather without a vehicle in addition to studying for midterms, writing lab reports, and taking care of parents animals.

-- le-sigh
 