Despite my most desperate attempts to see the brighter side of life, I get so tired of being all too aware of everything else that is going on around me. It reminds me of a Margaret Thatcher quote “I wish I was blind so I could see how ignorant I truly am”. Well… I wish I was numb so I wouldn’t have to feel the emotions of everyone I am close to. I almost feel like I am cursed, you may think I don’t know how “you” really feel, or that I “don’t understand.” You may think you’ve covered your expressions behind that phony smile of yours and your smile may even fool most people. However, that automatic response of “I am fine” does not fool me and it truly pains me to see such hurt and pain in people’s eyes. To think that being able to understand other peoples emotion so well should be an amazing gift, something many people would love to have the ability to do. Why do we as humans torture ourselves by putting ourselves in situations where we know people that we don’t even want to be around are going to be? Why do we get into relationships we don’t even want? Why does everyone keep running to me crying on my shoulder expecting me to fix everything? Although, they didn't heed my warnings and advice in the first place. I’m not a licensed psychiatrist, I’m just good at feeling out other peoples emotions. And why am I always right? Don’t ask me why... I don’t know why. Perhaps, I observe people without bias and maybe it’s the fact that I just listen rather than judge people and write them off. All this negativity that I am expected to help deal with as that unwavering loyal friend is continually making me depressed and bringing me down. I am never happy I hate it. I am tired of not being wanted for me but instead for my “advice” and "comforting words".

That there, that’s not me
I go where I please
I walk through walls
I float down the liffy

I’m not here
This isn’t happening
I’m not here, I’m not here.

In a little while
I’ll be gone
The moment’s already passed
Yeah, it’s gone.

I’m not here
This isn’t happening
I’m not here.

To be honest I sometimes think Thom York writes these songs just for me. Seriously I sometimes wonder what it would be like to have a conversation with him. I get the feeling that he's insightful beyond years, something that I might actually find commonality in.


xx Pisces Iscariot (with emo) xxxx's
 
 
Current Music: Shadow - Maria Mena (check it out)
 
