Every evening I go for a walk in the park near my house to allow my self the chance to cool off; these regular visits to the park are becoming a routine that I’m not growing urgently fond of. Sure as the sun rising the next day is this old man who walks the park path. I see him every evening. This man wears the same trousers, patched and raggedy old jacket with the very same pin stripped chapeau which looks as though it has been through a war of its own. He walks through the park at a pace unbecoming of a queen almost as if he were stopping for photographs and posing for his people. However, he’s not stopping to pose for photographs, or to shake the hands of a common peasant. He walks with a tired limp, dragging behind him an old ragged red leash that looks black. As he walks I hear his low wheezy but grizzly voice muttering the same words over and over; “Rascal, Where are you my boy, come here Rascal!” For the past three weeks it has been the same every night. Finally, the sight of him was weighing heavily on my soul and I couldn’t help myself any longer so just last night I called out to him “can I help you find something sir.” He looked at me for a moment and then he came over to the bench and sat down beside me. We must have spent a fair amount of that moonlight speaking to each other about life. Unbecoming to me I plead for his understanding about all the problems I’ve been having recently, my troubles sleeping, my love for someone I can’t have. The hope of a life in another country and the fighting I have endured with my current girlfriend if you can even call her that. In turn he told me about the Second World War, his wife and kids, grandkids and his dog who ran away when he was just 7 years old. Certainly, he gives the impression of memory loss and probably is quite traumatized mentally from his experiences in the war, all of which I will save for another journal entry. The whole morrow of my current story is to justify human incredulity to our elder population and our current society outcast’s people of such knowledge. My time speaking to the old man taught me a couple of valuable lessons in life. Consider for a moment a man who has gone through a life changing event and truly having seen pain and suffering could possible open your eyes to just how lucky we are today! No matter how many harsh words are uttered within the bedroom walls, there are far worse situations out there in life and our history. How the devotion of one man to an animal that is by now long gone and probably wasn’t even lost in this country is simply amazing. Some might call this senile or mental; I however think it’s admirable if not even inspiring, especially considering I can hardly prevent myself from getting roped into a shouting match with my girlfriend. This goes to postulate how these trivial things we make a big deal out of are not even comparable to the devotion we as humans should all give to everyone and everything that surrounds us. Pay attention and care to our land, our waters, our plants, animals and even our fellow race, because you never really know what you have got to lose, until it’s gone. This goes to show sometimes we need these little reminders to just re-affirm the luck we have to be where we are today! My hats off to the old man in the park!
 