I have some things on my chest that need to just be vented. So here goes...


Firstly, "I'm sick of summer and this waiting around..." Okay no that's not really it. "Gotta get back to Hogwarts where everyone knows I'm cool" Nope. That's not it either.

Okay, really though. I have been trying to get back to school my school!! The wonderful University of Calgary which has been really difficult lately. Several reasons which really are causing me a lot of stress and anger and despite being 3 years into my degree I'm entirely tempted to say "Fuck it all and quit."

1. First of all, last year the school took away the option of being able to pay tuition via credit card. Okay so how the hell do they expect students with no money to just front that kind of money without a credit card, seriously are they bloody insane? This has not changed, nor will it be changed for a while apparently much to the displeasure of the entire student body.

2. I am in a degree stream that has certain 300 level psychology courses that I "have" to take in order to be granted by desired specification on my degree. However, those courses are restricted by the Psychology Department to Psychology majors only until July 20. Okay fine I could live with this, but then I found out they added an exception this year to allow Neuroscience majors be exempt from the restriction (First of all, where was this degree three years ago when I wanted it. Second of all, that is practically what I am doing through a slightly different route, because they didn't have the degree at the time) Okay, So I could handle the fact that the courses are restricted until July 20th and that I would have to wait until they included neuroscience majors which means more students contending for the limited seats available. Then to top it all off I go explain my situation to the dean of Psychology, after finding out from a friend that he got special permission to get into the classes he needed only to find out that there was no way possible the psychology department could make any exceptions for me (even after they did for a friend). Man was I pissed off.

--> Add insult to injury why don't you assholes. I went to school the week before that to fill out papers for my scholarship money only to find out they could not consider me a fourth year until I registered in all 10 classes for the year unfortunately I'm still 3 short of that because of those damn psychology restrictions which I NEEED to graduate. I also need the 10 courses to get my money before Aug 1. So, after waiting in line for 2.5 hours to find that out. I go back a week later and wait in line for another 2 hours to talk to a councilor only for them to say we can't help you, you have to goto the Psych Department themselves. So i waste another hour talking to them to find out they can't do anything for me until July 20. Okay. so now my brain is racing with a thousand curses and insults and I'm right pissed off.

For instance, like does is not matter that I am paying for my education just as much money as each individual psychology major? That I spend close to 10 grand a year to goto school and get a quality education only for them to tell me well.. no you can't do this, you can't do that, no no no. Wait until we say it's okay. FUCK YOU NAZI BASTARDS.

3. I find out that my own faculty, Kinesiology that I have always revered and thought to be the best faculty to be in out of any because of the work it does for its students. At least I always felt that our faculty went out of its way to protect its own, kind of like Kinesiology faculty and students stick together forever has gone and implemented restrictions on CSEP prerequisite courses to Exercise Health Physiology majors only until July 6. I'm a Mind Science major.. yet, I want to work in occupational therapy with kids who have cognitive-motor disabilities, so naturally CSEP protocol and certification are going to be an extreme asset to have even though it means an extra year of coursework and than a big certification exam. It is well worth the 900 dollars that I would be paying for another tiny piece of paper. Daaaaamn, professionalism is expensive. Of course, they have to go and make it impossible to do anything about that. Even more bridge burning is the fact that the courses are the smallest courses of any in the entire school and because space is so limited that all the classes are full already even once the restrictions are lifted. This also cuts down the number of Kinesiology level senior options to very few, as half our professors aren't teaching this year because of the Olympics. They are all off with athletes doing research/training/interventionary clinical procedures and testing on the olympians thus even more options are cut down.

Okay so now steam is coming out of my ears... and I'm completely pissed off and ready to go murder the President of UCalgary. Is it really any wonder why it has the worst students rating out of all the Universities in Canada? I mean, Christ, even U of A has a top 10 student lifestyle rating!! Not to mention that McLeans consistently ranks U of C like in the bottom of educational standards so it's not exactly like they make up for their shitty student service by having superior education. In fact, the only good thing about u of c is the groundbreaking research that goes on, God, if i wasn't interested in some of that pie myself I would be out of there faster than you could say Quidditch.

That's not all, oh no I'm not done.
Pigfarts, Pigfarts!!

This school drama, on top of a bunch of other things that have been going on in my life just keeps making me sooo angry. I've spent the last month of my summer irritated and pissed off at everything from Work, my sister, friends, and dad, to worst of all myself... the list just goes on and and on and now because of all that stress and anger I'm getting run down and and sick and I of course can't sleep in the summer heat so..


Uggh.

"Where are you now? As I'm swimming through the stereo, I'm writing you a symphony of sound. Where are you now? As I rearrange the songs again this mix-tape could burn a hole in anyone but it was you I was thinking of.. it was you I was thinking of"
