Dorothy eventually returned home to Kansas to find that everything was back to normal aside from her new found knowledge. Beauty got her Beast and he turned back into her handsome prince just in the nick of time. Sleeping Beauty was finally awoken by her prince's kiss meanwhile Cinderella finally received a prince of her own. If life were like that... way to go Visa. What I am saying is, life most certainly is not like that and it never will be. Fairy tales teach us from the ripe age we begin watching them to be wary of the harsh realities of life. They ingrain into our subconscious the realisms we face as growing children; divorce, evil step (grand) parents, thieves, rise of hard working middle class men fighting against corrupt bureaucracies. The many things we deal with in our real lives, however, they also teach us something more valuable. Moreover, they provide for us an escape from reality and stress because we all know in the end the guy gets the girl so to speak. It gives us that belief of good over evil. If we somehow manage through our hardships and overcome the obstacles of difficulty choosing what is right over easy. It will be visited upon is in the future in the form of success. Fairy tales give us courage and bravery, hope where no hope can be found. They allow little girls the ability to dream of one day finding their knight in shining armor and young men the dream of sweeping up the castle stairs to awake their sleeping beauties. Importantly, they give us the value of being a kind good hearted individual who is not afraid to stand up for what they believe in. Through dedication and determination we breed success, aside from perhaps physiological or pathological prognosis there is no reason why someone has to be a "genius" to become successful. They just have to want it more than the next person, be willing to make the sacrifices of learning. As flawed individuals it's not our place to be critical of other flawed individuals when we ourselves have much to learn, and honestly we'll never know it all. Well that is to say this generation will never know it all. Funny, something I vividly remember from one of my first ever post-secondary level lectures was; "you'll never be able to remember and know everything, but that's alright. It's not knowing everything that makes you smart, it's knowing where to look, what questions to ask and how to ask for help that makes the normal wise". This is what I believe, it's what I have come to believe to know that somehow with all the hate in this world, with all the unknown answers, with all the death. To be able to believe that my Snow White is still out there just waiting for her prince to come and sweep her away. Somehow, there is a happy ending for me, somehow my life is not as dark as the songs I write, the hatred that makes me turn my back on humanity. The hope allows me to get up in the morning with a smile, to return to my bed with a smile and to dream of a future.

Your Sincerely,
Prince in the making.
xx Pisces Iscariot
 
