“Just a boy – Who’s never looking back at the past and always avoiding the future while living the wonders of this moment”

My Confession:

“The warmth of her skin pressed against mine as the scent of her hair pressed under my chin, her fragrance emanating from her perfect body while her head rested upon my shoulder. She was perfect and I was in heaven.”

The grace of a fallen heart has never felt this hard. Confused and scared I stand alone against the future. Time has moved on and so have I, however, unlikely it is I sometimes wish the clock would just stop, giving us just long enough to reflect on the moment without stumbling blindly into the future. If I could turn back time there are many things I could change but there are many things I can’t and as I look upon the flame of then compared to the smoke of now I only want to crawl along the ground and get as far away as I possibly can. Tricky and unsettling are the dangers of matters concerning this heart, scary are the times when left alone inside this mind. Indestructible yet fragile my heart can be, however, it’s merely just a part of the person that is me.
Life is amazing with far too many discoveries still to be found to dwell on the bad that is around. We’re far to blessed with the pleasures of life, the smells of youth, and the sight of beauty to be feeling down. So, stand up and look around just let the here and the now surround your senses, feel the hum of the wind blowing softly against your cheek, smell the fragrance of life fill your nostrils and see life in full blossom around you while letting it fill your soul with the beauty of being alive. Forget all your troubles and worried mind for a moment and remember you’re a 1 in 1 trillionth. Meaning out of 1 trillion eggs, you’re 1 born when you consider that you’re truly lucky to be alive. Seeing as how you’re reading this you’re part of the 1 in 1 trillionth club. Welcome, friend. Welcome to life, welcome to beating improbability and most importantly welcome a world of great accomplishment and endless possibilities. You have a chance to be truly great, so here’s to you. Now, step out into the world and let it take you by its grasp and if you listen to it’s wise words you’ll be unstoppable.
 
