The Philosophy of Love

Written By Harry Heimdal (July 2005)
Rewritten/adapted into an essay by Jason Basaraba (July 2006)

The foundation for the thoughts behind the following are not my own, I am merely expanding on and reorganizing them into a more coherent documentation of thought. This being said: Thanks to Harry for allowing me his thoughts to write the following essay.

Before I begin I pose the following questions.
What is it to love someone?
Does anyone really know what love is?
Here are some things to consider when you’re in the presence of the person you believe you love:
Do your hands start sweating and does your heart start racing, while words avail you?
This is not love, this is simply being nervous.
Have you looked at another and not been able to take your eyes off of them?
That is not love that is lust!
You have felt proud to have them by your side, and they are always there for you when you seem to be in need!
This is not love, this is friendship and loyalty.
They stay by your side and you always feel comfortable around them, even hug, cuddle and approach them with ease.
No, that’s not love that is trust and understanding.
They tell you that you’re the only person in their mind.
This is not love it’s a boldfaced lie.
When one feels as if they could give everything they own for someone.
That isn’t necessarily love it is charity.
No! I think we often confuse love with other realms of emotions.

These feelings themselves are not love, they are, however, what we fall in love with.
So what is love? How do we find love? How do we know we’re in love?

Here’s my take:

When the sadness of one person and only one other person causes you to suffer the very same sadness while feeling the very same pain they are feeling. When that person is at their strongest point in life you still feel weak and vulnerable around them. When their eyes can penetrate your eyes so deeply that they see inside your soul and touch it so deeply it hurts you. When there is this blind connection that keeps you with them at all times, you feel their pain and their sadness even when you’re miles apart. When you can hear the sadness or pain in their voice and just tell something is wrong without seeing it. When other attractive people are around you but your mind is with the person you love to the point their very absence from you brings you into a state of melancholy. You would be willing to sacrifice your very heart, your very existence and put your life on the line for them.

So if this is love, why do we love so? Why is love the answer many look for in life and so desperately wish to find?

The answer although may sound simple is really quite intriguing.

When you love someone the sadness, the agony the torture is all worth the moments of happiness. The fact that you have someone to share your life with; someone to encourage your passions is a grace to have. You love someone so much that he or she raises your passion and heightens your emotions. It’s a pleasure to have them around; it’s your desire to be with them even when they are not near. When they are gone from you, simply thinking of them causes your face to light up with smiles of sweetness. When you cuddle, or hold their hand their warmth transmits such a huge amount of trust and understanding you can conquer the world. Having them by your side makes you dream of the future, all things become possible and nothing can stop you from achieving your life’s ambitions all because you have each others support.

Love can make you live a sensation so sublime that it becomes an addictive feeling and only
when you loose it, like any other type of addiction, the emptiness that leaves makes you feel torture. Torture to the point it causes an agony so deep the sadness engulfs your soul. You have to wind your way off of them one step at a time.

If you haven’t found love never give up this search, never stop asking yourself those question’s of love. Keep searching I assure you it is worth every lonely moment, if this is what you desire of course.

If you have ever lost a love then you know how it works; this is why we keep dreaming of the moment we will find it again, why we change ourselves in attempt to be a better person. When you finally find it don’t let it go. Don’t push it away. Hold on and fight for everything you can know you’ve been true to only your own heart, after all it is worth holding on to someone you love.

Don’t fall in love with love its self fall in love in love with somebody that loves you, with someone who waits for you, who understands you who helps you to fulfill your life’s dreams. Let them guide you as you guide them; let them be your support your hope and everything. Fall in love with somebody that doesn’t betray you; that is loyal, that dreams with you, that only thinks about you, about your face, about your spirit, and not your body or of your money.


Fall in love with somebody that will wait for you until the end, with somebody that is not what you choose, but what you least expect. Fall in love with somebody that suffers with you, laughs with you; that can dry your tears that can make you warm when necessary. Someone that gets happy with your happiness and that makes you strong after you’ve failed. Fall in love with somebody that comes back to you after the fights, that walks next to you through thick or thin. That respects your fantasies, your illusions, your dreams. Fall in love with somebody that is in love with you.

Sometimes because of fear, because of life we lose great people and it hurts. It hurts to love somebody and not to be loved back but it’s even more painful to love somebody and never get the courage to tell them what you feel for them.

There are things that you would love to hear, that you may never hear from the person that you would like to say it to you. But don’t be deaf not to hear it from the ones that say it from the heart. Never give up if you think that you can keep fighting. Love comes to the ones that wait for it even though it has deceived them before, to the ones that believe even though they have been betrayed, to the ones that need to love even though they have been hurt and the ones that have the courage and faith to build the trust again with someone else.

Don’t go for money because money can be lost in minutes. But love can last eternally; go for somebody that makes you smile because it only takes a smile to make a dark day shine. There are moments in which you love a person so much that you wish you could take them out of your very dreams and hug them to let them know all will be okay. The happiest people don't always have the best of everything; it only takes their love to create the best of life
You can’t be happy in life until you deal with your failures and heartaches of the past and learn to live with them, learn to forgive and forget, and move on. Learn to let go of the past, don’t dwell on the past it will only overwhelm and over take you. Don’t let those emotions get in the way of your future. Put them aside before you fall in love with someone, be honest with everything you do and never be afraid of who you are. Love will find you; love starts with a smile, grows with a kiss and dies with a tear.

Most of all don’t ever be afraid to let go of the one you love, for that is love’s greatest power. Only when you can let go of someone you love can you truly be responsible enough to have loved and to love.

Edited by Jason Basaraba June, 2007.