I don't know if anyone remembers my post back in March. I took a certification test to be "officially" certified to teach Middle School Language Arts. I mean, I was technically certified before because my certification in special education is pre-k through 12th grade. PA works a little strangely and there have been a lot of changes. Even though I'm certified, I wasn't considered "highly qualified," so not having the test put some restrictions on what I could do. Since I already have a teaching degree, all I had to do was pass this test and I then I could apply for my certification as a middle school language arts teacher. Here were my initial thoughts about the test:

So my test Saturday really sucked... I woke up at 5 AM, studied for two hours. However, I was so sick I was in the bathroom with my laptop both those hours looking at power point flash cards I found online to help me study. Needless to say, I don't think I did very good. It was ninety difficult questions, and two essays to complete in only two hours. Oh, and the test felt random...These tests really are just LUCK! It really was strangely exhilarating. It's just my stamina and focus weren't there - a couple times I just kept reading the same questions over, and over, and over because I kept loosing track of the questions. I really don't feel this test is out of my league though, I really feel like under normal circumstances I could pass, if I get the results back and I didn't. I'm not going to sweat it, I'm just going to try again.

I'd been waiting, and waiting... I never got any mail or e-mail about my scores being completed. Yesterday I received an e-mail stating my scores would not arrive in the mail, I needed to sign in online and view them before their deletion Thursday, May 14th! I guess I missed that memo... Anyway, I took a couple deep breaths, signed in, and my eyes slowly scanned the page. I saw all four tests I have taken and next to the MS language arts I saw that I PASSED! Not only did I pass, I got a 90%! I screamed, jumped up and down. Out of all the scores I have, it's my highest ever in any category! I guess I do have a natural knack for English Language Arts, just like I thought!

So things are going pretty well in my life, everything is just really busy during these closing days of graduate school. I finished my thesis, thanks for all the well wishes! The next step is figuring out if / when the department is going to have me defend it. They are pretty low on full-time faculty right now in the graduate department so things are crumbling... it makes me glad I'm getting out of there. However it might just be my professor and I getting together to discuss it. I'm also going to be busy gathering all my paperwork and documentation to show that I have all the 750 hours needed to apply for the board certification exam for Applied Behavior Analysis. That will be so much fun... *sarcastic sigh*

I've had a lot of other events happening, and some cute anecdotes to share... but I'm still so drained. I, for once in my life, feel like doing some other brainless activity instead. So, maybe later? Take care, everyone!