So I woke up this morning already a little annoyed. I misread the Zumba schedule and went to the wrong YMCA (the one 20 minutes out of the way, when the class was at the one 5 minutes from my house). Then right as I pull in the driveway, I hear a five minute advertisement on the radio for a charter school. It turns out to be the one where I work, and it's all... exaggeration. Then my mindset drifts, and I try to move on with my day.

Then I receive a strange call from where I work, as if hearing that advertisement had already jinxed my day. It's my boss "reminding" me about some get-together scheduled at her house Tuesday morning. I don't understand how it's "reminding me." This is the first phone call I've received all summer, and before I left for break nothing had been scheduled because I write everything on my calendar like a heavily booked celebrity would. So I call her back to ask for details. She says it's an informal, not required get-together, everyone is coming... a chance to see everyone again. So I tell her I will come. However, I also ask if due to the informal nature, if I could bring my husband because it's his birthday tomorrow and I was planning to spend the day with him. Normally everyone else always brings their significant other to these occasions. Then she starts to say how it's not really a get-together, and it's really to talk about next year's work business. Then I pretty much say, okay, and I was just curious about the nature of this meeting, which seem to have turned out to be contradictory to the initial intent.

I guess this little incident just resurrects my suppressed negative feelings about my job. I love teaching, love the kids and people I work with... but I also love summer vacation because I don't have to think about work. Like I said, I do enjoy the people I work with, just being around them reminds me of work... and we're nice to each other but not close enough to hang out on our own. Anyway, it should be my escape, and I don't want to meet in the middle of summer to talk about it. If I wanted to be on-call to work randomly, I would have became a Doctor, paramedic or something... but no I have to work extra on my time off, and I don't even get paid for it. It intrudes into my personal life.

A few teachers complained to the school that they were bored on their time off... which... good for them. I'm not just sitting around waiting for work to call. I think of summer as my golden opportunity to do the things I don't have time to do or am normally too tired to do - like take three hours of zumba classes, go to the beach, read a book, write, cross-stitch, play video games or clean the house. I know a couple other people are not sitting around. My one coworker's wife was due to have a baby the beginning of July... We're busy people, and this is our time, why should we have to put our lives on hold?

I mean part of me is depressed because I feel like due to work calendar, we got out of work late... then my summer was still delayed because of that week long class. So I feel like I've only really been enjoying summer for two weeks. It's been so great, I just want to hide away in this paradise as long as possible. I guess I should just be glad I have any break at all. Well, I made the decision not to look for another job because I want to become a BCBA, and that requires studying for that killer November test non-stop. I didn't think I could hack both incessant studying and a job search, so I wanted to suck up my job and focus my energy toward knowing ABA inside and out. I can handle it, but being patient is so difficult. I'll get through this, I just need to keep everything in perspective. I'll get through tomorrow, I just might not be happy about it... Good times to come in the evening, I just have to keep telling myself that.