I've had so much on my mind lately... and all I want to do is relax. Maybe I'll try to somehow weave this into a strange philosophical post. Who knows?

I was out with my pregnant friend today. We went shopping at our favorite store, then I went with her because her mom wanted her around so they could pick the right crib from babies r us. Today was the last day a whole bunch of sales were going on, and the only time they had free was her mom's lunch break. Then we spent the rest of the day hanging out at the beach.

While I was out having a nice time, I received a call from the organization that employed me two weekends to do activities with children during the past two school years. I missed the call, but I heard the voicemail... They were asking me if I am planning to come back this year, and they wanted to tell me they already made the schedule... without my input. I was really on the fence about going back this year, and just hearing they had already made the entire schedule without even asking my feedback, especially when this is a job centered around my presence so I can't even call off if I need time off... well that message solidified my decision.

I meditated a long time today and realized I cannot work this side job anymore. I do love the children, it was easy work... and I am really, really skilled at it. It's just I'm growing up. I'm no longer a novice who needs work experience with kids. I have plenty of experience & recommendations, I have a master's degree, which means I now make significantly more money at my main job. Not to mention, I have a busy, wonderful life I need to start living. This job is interfering with my interaction in the SCA, my weekend freedom in general, and my artistic endeavors. My dance students just invited me to their SCA wedding, I became their coordinator of dance at their event... I'm getting other acting and dance offers... I just feel like if I'd accept this renewal I'd be missing out on so much I enjoy. I think a large part of living is realizing when to stop working so much. I don't need this job to survive, my finances aren't going to fall apart if I quit, I don't need the experience / recommendations anymore... so the last question left for me to answer was, "Why exactly am I still working at this place?"

I can't help feeling guilty and depressed though... why? I don't know. I think a huge part of it is that I've spent my life suffering from what I'd nickname a "superwoman complex." I want to be helpful, I want to do it all... and I don't want to quit because part of me feels like I'm a failure or that I'm letting people down who need me. As selfish as I can seem sometimes, in regard to serving the community I always place my personal needs last. I never worked this job for money every since I began, I really did work it to serve the community by contributing my skills. I've come to the point where I need to pass along the torch to someone else who needs the money and/or experience.

I haven't called yet to decline, but I will tomorrow. I'm just praying I have the strength to stick with this decision regardless of any persuasion, and enough self-reassurance that I am indeed making the most advantageous decision...