...of which everything has been amazing right now!

So I finished my last course of graduate study two weeks ago. I turned in my final paper before I left for the Known World Dance Symposium. I just heard back from my professor:

I finished reading your paper today. You will have an "A" in the course. You did a terrific job. I am very happy that you have already been implementing ABA-based principles in your work. I hope you continue to learn about all of the great things our field has to offer to those interested in the science behind teaching and learning. Nice work...It has been a true pleasure having you in class this year!

So that is great, especially coming from the Simon of the ABA world! I have proven my worth. Now I just have to keep studying so I can be prepared to pass my board examination in November. However, regardless how I do on the test the good news is... I now officially have my graduate degree... YAY! I'm rather busy these next two weeks though, so I'm pretty much taking them off to enjoy all the upcoming festivities.

Monday I returned from the Known World Dance Symposium. First, we spent a couple days in Toronto. The first day it was Canada Day, so we hung out at the downtown celebration because everything was closed. We even discovered all the clubs were closed too, so we spent most of the night watching Canada's marathon of family guy and McKenzie Brother cartoon episodes. The second day, we toured Casa Loma... wow. It was simply breath-taking. I can't even sum it up in words, but it's definitely a must-see. It's so amazing - like time-traveling to a European Castle. I'm going to put my photos up on Facebook probably later today or tomorrow.

The Known World Dance Symposium was really amazing as well. I unfortunately didn't get to take many photos because I was too busy doing the thing I love to do... dance! I literally danced until every muscle in my body was sore. I think people on the dance list have been trying to find somewhere to post photos that have been taken. When that happens I'll try to add some dance photos to Facebook too. I'm so familiar with the same old dances in this area, it was a breath of fresh air to learn from other regions in the Known World. It was like a dance swap! Not to mention, I know a lot of English Country Dancing, but I can't get the local group to practice with me. Half of them simply think it's too hard, the other half forbid practicing dances beyond 1600, so it was great to be with people with the same / or more advanced skill level willing to dance and have fun! My favorite dances remain the Italian 15th & 16 century ones, of which I learned 5 more dances I want to keep practicing so I can have a fresh repertoire for future performances. Amazing teachers, amazing classes! Fantastic event!

On the way back we stopped by Niagra Falls. The full moon over the falls was breathtaking. To top things off, there was a free concert going on and free fireworks over the falls! Nice! The next day we walked around town and decided to go to the Omnimax Theater. On the way in, three people stopped us and gave us free tickets! They were too late to get into the show, and because they were on a bus tour and had limited time to see the sights, the didn't feel like waiting around another hour to see the show. So that was great! After the show, we hit my other favorite place, the Buddhist temple Ten Thousand Buddhas Sarira Stupa. It was a peaceful change of pace from the tourist hustle and bustle, beautiful, intricate details and cleansing energy. Amazing!

We ended the evening atop the Skylor Tower, having a romantic fine dinner with piano music and enjoying the majestic view of the falls at sunset! The trip couldn't have had a better ending!

That's the abridged version of the trip, but it was amazing! So now I'm back! I finally have some days off, but I'm busier than ever! I've also been trying to clean the house because these last few months of graduate school have really taken a toll on it. For the summer, I also agreed to teach a couple from the SCA a medieval dance they can do on their wedding day. It is my volunteer servitude for the summer, to keep the dream alive and pass it to other people. Not to mention, dancing in the amphitheater in the park on sunny, 70 degree days is simply an amazing feeling (except for the persistent bites of the mosquitoes).

In my free time I have been doing 3 - 4 hours of Zumba a day, which I discovered today my body has gotten really toned, but is very sore! I'm going to be a dancing machine by the time Pennsic rolls around. So today I'm only doing an hour of intense Zumba this evening then hitting up a block party downtown. Tomorrow it will be day one of my friend's bachelorette party, we are partying in this area. Day two we will hitting up the Southside in Pittsburgh. So yeah... it's a busy life but I'm so happy. I'm loving every minute of it! Hope you all are well, lj-friends!