I haven't posted an entry in a while, and it really hasn't been because my life is uneventful. It has almost gotten to the point where my life is too eventful or too personal to post... I did still want to check in, I don't want to be one of those people on your friend's list where you might wonder if I am even still alive...

Just because I quit my weekend job, it doesn't mean I've been any less busy... I knew that would happen though, and I love (and need) the freedom to do whatever I want to do. Teaching (obviously) started again. It was heartwarming... I entered the building the first day with children, and one of my students came up to me and tackled me with a hug. I asked her how her summer was, and told her it was great to see her back at school (she talked about moving to another place). She told me her summer sucked because she couldn't wait to come back to school and see me again. It was so cute, it was great to see her smile and eagerness to be back to learning.

The special education department is rather lackadaisical as a whole... I've been testing children, training my new co-worker and helping her create or redo hundreds of pages of the former teacher's EXPIRED or MISSING paperwork. *sigh* In one week alone, I rewrote over 200 pages because there was not even one that had been completed correctly. It was really frustrating...and yes I was frazzled. However, I know it was the right thing to do, because these children deserve a quality IEP that reflects the quality individualized education they will receive from me. Then my boss told me to quit working so hard because according to her, "The law does not state we need to provide excellent or even good special education services. The law states that we only have to provide 'adequate' services." I was shocked to hear this, it was almost like my boss was telling me to be a slacker. Sorry, the perfectionist in me cannot stray away from doing the right things to ensure children receive a quality education.

My evaluation last year said I was too nice, so this year I've been really working on showing my claws. It's all started a lot with my boss, who was the one who told me I need to be meaner. I hope she doesn't regret the monster she has let loose... I am not hesitating to fight and argue for what I believe is right for children. If there is any discrepancy on why I am this way, I'll say I'm working toward my "weaknesses" of my evaluation. So it's a win/ win situation. When the school disagrees with me, I collect data like any behavioral scientist would... that way if things fall through I have data on my side.

For instance, there is one child who was properly placed in the correct classroom at the beginning of the year. That child didn't like the fact he couldn't fool around with his friends in the other classroom. So he got in a lot of trouble, complained to his mom & my boss that he couldn't focus because the other classroom was better for him. Oh, and these people believed him! So my boss asked me if they should switch the classroom, and I was completely against it. I gave her all the reasons - he would receive LESS support in the other room, he would be with more distracting peers... but my boss was scared the mother would pull him out of school, so she decided to switch him to appease the parent. Instead of doing the best thing for the child, my boss is only concerned with children STAYING at the school so the school doesn't loose $20,000. Well, I wish I could say this switch made everything better, but it did not. The kid has had horrible behavior his first two days back in the classroom. The first day he wasn't at school in the morning. After lunch, he was in class 5 minutes, and I got a call from the Social Studies teacher who couldn't teach because he was wresting with a student, and talking so loudly she couldn't teach. So I pulled the kid out of class, and he sat secluded in my classroom the rest of the period. I had him reiterate some of my expectations / school expectations, and I sent him to period 4. Five minutes into the period, the Language Arts teacher calls me to day she can't teach because he was he was wresting with a student, and talking so loudly she couldn't teach. So I kept him for the rest of the day... it killed him. He hates being pulled from his peers, but it's like now that he is next to the cookie jar, he has no self-control and devours everything in one sitting.

The next day after lunch the other CAO caught him in the hall throwing a fire extinguisher around and wrestling another kid, so both kids were sent to in-school suspension. I visited them and it was like a vacation! The were sleeping, or walking around, or talking to their friends. So... it's been a really big mess at times. I'm really not trying to be egotistical, but it definitely is frustrating to have so much education that I feel frustrated when I seem to know more than administration.

So it's been situations like this that have made me annoyed with where I work. However, little reminders on why I do this job have been dropping by from time to time. For instance, one day I had everything ready to go, and I was ready to walk out of my classroom door. All of a sudden a student who had graduated 8th grade last year walked into my room. I was really surprised to see him, especially because this grand entrance in my room was the FIRST time he ever entered my classroom out of his own accord. He came in my room and said, "Hi!" and we exchanged a big hug. I asked him how everything was going and he said he is doing really well. He is on the high school football team and he loves it. It's all he really ever wanted to do. In high school's up here, they won't allow students to be on the team if they do not have good grades. So I'm pretty sure that forced this kid to do his work and straighten his behavior around. So I am really happy for him! It's good to see when children move on and are living a great life. The fact that he dropped by also reminded me that I make a difference even when it might not seem the the case... you wouldn't drop by out of your own free will to visit someone you hate... Teaching is so great!

Also, my other student I use to write about, Anime Boy, is doing well in 9th grade. Last year I had my students research a career of interest. He wants to design video games, and we looked at Full Sail, and he instantly fell in love with the school. So from that point forward, he's started the year in Honor's classes and had been working hard. I'm really proud of him. Communication between his father and I all came about at the end of last year, I told his father I'd be willing to tutor him in Language Arts if needed, because that seemed to be the only area he was having trouble. Then over the summer, Anime Boy's father invited my pregnant friend (who is also his landlord), and myself to their housewarming party. It was fun, and we found out we have a lot of common interests. So we've all became friends, we have occasional board game, video game, or movie nights. They are great people, I'm really happy we've been able to develop a friendship.

On top of that, I got sick... and I still AM sick. *sigh* Two weeks ago I was showering and got water in my ear. It wouldn't come out even after a day. Then I foolishly listened to the advice of others and put some cotton in my ears, then apparently some of the cotton got stuck. Then I went to the Dr. and got some antibiotic pills, and my ear got flushed out. Well, three days later I still felt a throbbing pain in my ear... it hurt so much yesterday that I held ice on my ear from the moment I got home until the moment I went to bed. So I called off work and went back to the doctor. He prescribed me some ear drops, and I put them in my ear and took a nap. Right now my ear FINALLY feels 90% better. So it's been quite a journey toward feeling better, but I'm very glad to finally not be in so much pain.

Okay, so back to my weekend's being booked. Here's the recap:

Last weekend, my Zumba instructor personally invited me to perform at the heritage festival. I was ecstatic, showed up and waited around. He never came, so I was really bummed. All my friends came out to see me perform and everything... at the next class the instructor told me he got lost. Oh well. I gave the festival my contact information, so maybe next year I can do a Medieval Dance show.

Last weekend we went to coronation, which was... okay. I don't wish to comment too much, but all I can say is events like that make me kind of embarrassed to be associated with the local group. I felt claustrophobic and uncomfortable most of the time at the event. I'm looking forward to Harvest Raid this weekend. My weekend job or college work had always prohibited me from attending, but I now know a lot of people from that region since the couple I've been teaching has been inviting me to wedding planning parties and other festivities. I was flattered when I checked their wedding website which said, "At 4pm we will be having period dancing with an amazing lady who will show us some very fun and easy group dances." So yeah... I'm looking forward to the upcoming weekend festivities with awesome people.

After we left the event, we hit Best Buy... we made a big purchase a couple months ago and earned 25 dollars in coupons. So we purchased and played Beatles Rockband, which was relaxing and cool. Yes, I'll admit I'm officially addicted to these singing video games, and my husband and stepson are addicted to the guitar. Wow... it is a fun group activity though.

Other than that, I've been going to Zumba nearly every day of the week. I've also been going to garage sales and I discovered the local flea market. Fun! I also have been reviewing my ABA studies. I discovered the test is also offered in March, so I'm feeling a little less pressure. Sure I'd like to take it and pass the first time, but I'm also realistic too... this will probably be the hardest freaking test I've ever taken! The most irritating part was I thought I would have to wait until August to take it again... So I'm still going to strive to take it, but I'm seeing this more of a learning experience. We'll see! I love ABA, it's running through my mind every minute. Yay!



Well, that pretty much covers everything. Everything is going really well in my life, I can't complain! I'm wishing everyone else the best too! Bye for now!