So I woke up today and a slight twinge of sadness filled the pit of my stomach. I know time seeps through the veins of life, and I certainly knew this day would come. It's just no matter how inevitable the ending is at the beginning, it's hard not to feel some melancholy when you know the good times of life are about to come to a temporary halt. A week from now it will be time for me to go back to the daily 6:30 AM grindstone of staff in service training... So even though I had an amazing summer, and I do love teaching, I awoke slightly mourning that my final week of freedom is here. My final week means wrapping up all the loose odds and ends before my life shifts again... However, I shook those looming thoughts away and resigned myself to the simple notion that I'm simply going to have to live this week with the intention of making every last minute count...

I had a great weekend relaxing and doing things I enjoy with friends and family. Gaming was fun, per usual... and I went to a baby shower, beach party, and enjoyed the sunset with a friend, which were nice temporary distractions. The worse thing that happened on Sunday was I slipped and fell, again... so now my upper chest is a black and blue bruise. So I'm kind of depressed about that too, even though I know it could have been a lot worse especially if I actually broke something or was pregnant (which isn't happening for a long time, hopefully I'll quit falling so much by then, lol). So overall there really was more good than bad in regard to the weekend.

So I quit my part-time job today... I knew they weren't expecting it but I thought it would be okay because I gave a month's notice. Don't most people just give two weeks notice when they quit? It was a very difficult and unpleasant experience... I hoped it wouldn't be, but in the pit of my stomach I had a feeling it probably would be horrible. I told them I just have too many date conflicts once I looked over the the schedule they sent out to me this weekend (without asking me) and I cannot work for them anymore. Instead of being understanding and wishing me well as we wrapped up loose odds and ends, they started yelling at me and saying how they wish they had known a long time ago that I felt this way. Well, I've been on the fence about this all summer... but if they had just made the schedule and sent me the dates A LONG time ago (aka over the summer), I guarantee I would have felt the exact same way I do now. It's taking a lot of my strength to do this, and I know it's the right thing for my life... It's just doesn't make it any easier... *sigh* I just need a hug today.

I reviewed my credit card bill, then I had to wait around to get my car inspected and dreading each tier of my visit to the dentist... three necessary evils. So I spent a lot of time sitting around in offices philosophizing about life. Then I started writing... I really wanted to make my entry public, but as I started to really write intensely my entry started to contain a lot of personal information about my relationships, views and my past... So I'm going to be making it "Friend's Only." If you're one of the people I know doesn't belong to Livejournal, but you do read my journal and you do want to read my personal entry... send me an e-mail or leave a comment and I'll send it to you for your reading regret or pleasure, lol...

Well... I do hope everyone is having a better day than mine. *sigh*