I hope there is a dream place of employment out there for me somewhere. I love being a teacher, it truly is and has always been, my dream job. Each day I enter work, I look forward invigorating the young minds of children so they can discover the joys of learning. The kids keep surprising me every day. For instance, I volunteered to hold after-school medieval dance lessons. Then the school only opened it up to middle school students... so I was thinking "wow, this is a win-win!" If I do get some kids, I can have practice teaching some of the easier dances. On the other hand, if no one signed up, I could just have my afternoons free; but the school couldn't write on my job evaluation "needs to participate more in school extracurricular activities." I made the effort; however no one showed up!

Well, one middle school boy came up to me during post-lunch transition and asked, "Hey, are you teaching the medieval dance lessons after school?" I said, "Yes, I am." Then the boy started jumping up and down and said, "Yay! I'm signed up for it!" It was the cutest thing ever, and I eagerly started to jump up and down and responded, "Yay! I'm so excited to teach you and have you in my class!" So it was nice to know I had one student. He was a pretty smart little guy, because I have five students total... so he gets to dance with four girls.

Oh, and the other day a middle school student came into my room and said, "Mrs. M. You always look like a princess every day. Everything you wear just looks so royal and beautiful." Nice! Looks like I have been moving up the food chain. It's kind of nice, I'll take being a princess over being called a baby-back *itch any day.

So it's not the kids, if you look deep within. I think it's more of the lack of school structure that is sinking this educational institution. I just don't like the incompetent administration where I work. It frustrates me how inconsistent the structure of the school is, and I just always see the special education kids on my caseload suffering the most. For example, there is this one kid who has severe escape maintained behavior. He's always in the hall, throwing things, hiding places... last week he hit a kid in the head with a fire extinguisher. So as a punishment he was given a week of in-school suspension. Well, randomly the school decided to close down the ISS room, so the kids were all sent back to class & didn't have to serve out the rest of their punishments. So now this kid is back in full force... I actually cringed when this child refused to come into my classroom to take an exam. So I went to my boss today. I said, "Look, I need some help, please give me some tips this is the only child I'm having difficulty with." My boss then said, "Well, I think he is just hopeless..." So my school will let him linger, just so they can get their money per child but it truly is unfortunate because that kid isn't receiving the services nor education he needs. I think a lot of it can be contributed to the fact he always is assigned consequences and they never happen...

so, yeah... where I work the kids run the school. I need a new job so badly, but I'm so disgusted because I've had problems with administration in the past while I was student teaching around here, and I'm really not impressed with my step-son's school either... so right now I'm feeling cynical. Is there a good teaching job out there, somewhere??? If you find it, let me know... So right now, I'm just going to study my butt off to make sure I'm going to be able to pass the ABA test, it will open other job options where I can be a behavioral scientist and make a difference. I could instead become a consultant, go into schools, analyze the environment & give administration some tips on how to make the school more effective learning environment... that's where I hope to be five or ten years from now. Oh, and I want to squeeze my doctoral studies in there somewhere too...

Speaking of the ABA test... I still have to take a board examination for Applied Behavior Analysis (to be clinically certified)... I was supposed to take it in Nov. but my professor wasn't able to get the paperwork together... The deadline has passed, so I get to push it off until April... which means more time to study & worry about it. *sigh* Oh well. I'll really know it by then, hopefully...

I'm going to write another entry soon about some other things, it just seemed like the beginning of my entry fit into the mold of this writer's block rather well. I can't function any longer without a nap. Bye for now.