Wow... does life ever slow down? These last couple years the world has been welcoming me into adulthood. I was busy before, but never THIS busy. So busy I can no longer take a breath. I can no longer escape. This is the way it will be... from now until the day I die.

The last month of school has been filled with chaos because our school is ending nearly 2 weeks later than other schools, and the kids are ready to be done just like their friends in the other school district. I really can't say I blame them - it's really frustrating for the teachers too! Amidst everything there have been some memorable experiences. Last Monday was 8th grade graduation, which means it is also the night where I meditated on another year gone by.

These last few weeks were the time where us teachers could actually schedule enrichment learning experiences in addition to our regular hashing of the state standards. It's not that I'm saying that state standards aren't important (they are, by far), it's just the arts always get cut because former presidents don't reward schools for having a well-rounded educational program that includes art. Instead the success for a school is determined by how high the standardized scores are, and therefore arts are cut out in order to make more time to hash the standards before the kids take the state assessment tests in reading and math.

Anyway, I scheduled an art workshop where a friend of mine came in and taught the students kanji. The student's loved it, and their artwork was simply amazing. It was like they had be starved from the arts for so long, any outlet for self expression was a breath of fresh air. There were a couple of students I didn't expect to be engrossed by the activity that really got into it and looked like calligraphy naturals. Anime Boy was in heaven and proclaimed, "This was an amazing day. The best day of the school year ever!" Their work was proudly displayed and marveled during the coffee house exhibit last Wednesday.

It's been a really strange year... I mean first I started off being reamed out for "not doing my job," even though I definitely had been all along - administration has just been really THAT clueless all year. Then a couple weeks ago my boss/supervisor threw a party at her house and I got there first. She asked me if I had ever gotten a chance to talk about my graduate thesis and my classroom procedures with a visiting consultant within the school, because I had some great ideas she would be inspired to use?.. Anyway, in all reality, I tried to talk with the consultant (I was surprised my boss even remembered she mentioned the initial idea), but when I dropped by, the consultant was furiously typing... and let's just say I'm not the kind of person egotistical enough to demand she drop everything to listen to all my bright ideas. For what, also... just the mere affirmative / ego boost that I have great ideas? So I mentioned how busy she always looked, and my boss said, "Yeah, she was. We really put her to work. She was seeing people on the "critical" list and giving them tips on how to improve their teaching. You aren't on the list, so I didn't think sending her down to your room was a high priority because she had to see so many other people who needed help. I breathed a sigh of relief. I think that was the nicest thing I've heard my clueless boss say in months - that's definitely the main reason I'm typing it in here, lol. I haven't ever had an official evaluation this year, and I only had one last year... so I don't really know how I'm doing aside from my college professor's feedback. Which apparently I am doing some things right, or she wouldn't have been inspired to ask me to help her teach my class.

There were a couple times the Human Resource person would randomly drop new hires into my room so I could tell them about the job and give them a tour. There was this one guy who was dropped off for nearly two hours. So I invited (or rather a couple kids came into my room, because they are always there), Bully Boy and Rhianna to give this new hire some advice on how to be a successful teacher at this school. It was really cute. Bully Boy started off with, "You can't be too nice or people walk all over you, you can't be too mean because then kids rebel against you. You must stay somewhere in the middle... Don't give too much work, because if you do we will not do it anyway... Pretty much you have to do everything this teacher does *points at me*, because she's one of the two best teachers here."

Then Rhianna chimed in, "No, she IS the only good teacher up in this school." So then they argued for a little bit about whether I was indeed the only best teacher or one of the two best teachers. I can't complain about that... It was one of the cutest things ever.

So I have all these amazing memories and more, and the reason is the kids I see daily on my caseload are such great kids. I will miss them, tremendously. I mean from the philosophical conversations of, "Why are we here, what is my purpose in life..." to all the advice I've given them about their relationships, family dilemmas and future goals... I'll move on, of course, but it will be difficult. I seriously have not felt this emotionally connected to a graduating class. I told them every day what great students they are, and how every day I can't wait to come into work just because they are there smiling and yearning to learn. They aren't easy kids, but I love them.

So of course I went tonight to the graduation ceremony and to the dinner dance afterward. I wanted to end the year right, with a great lasting image of these students. The ceremony & dinner dance was very poorly organized. No one had a clue what was going on... Staff were required to attend, but we thought we could just seat ourselves. No, we had to parade in a line all around the auditorium. No seats were marked and no one was told where to go, so the girl leading our line started to sit down in the student seats, even though I told her not to, because I was at morning rehearsal and I knew those were being saved for the students. We looked as confused as students who received poor directions. Then we proceeded to finish our processing up the auditorium again until we again found our seats. I always try to look sleek and stylish - but it was especially important to me because all the students were wearing prom gowns (I don't GET it, it's 8th grade graduation), so I thought, why can't I look glamorous for one night, especially to keep up with the Hollywood theme. I wore a long, figure shaping black skirt with a beautiful egg plant colored top with an intricate pattern of sequins and beads every square inch. It was crazy, I got this amazing 80 dollar top with the tags still on from a yard sale for 5 dollars. It was great. When I was walking confused up the other isle, Anime Boy's father (who has been on my side since the middle of March... read the Mar. 17th, 2009 08:47 pm Corkscrew... entry for THAT incident) took my hand and said, "Wow, you didn't have to look this wonderful just for me." Which was flattering teasing, but also embarrassing because my co-workers heard it. We are both in serious relationships and are aware this is just meaningless banter, kind of like two friends who just say the first thing on their minds because they know they have a friendship with a bond of mutual respect. I had a seat and one of the other sped teachers said, "Wow, he just thinks the world of you." I smiled and sighed.

The ceremony was long... just like any commencement ceremony. One of the speakers said, "It's been great getting to know the class of '89." I couldn't believe my ears, and I asked the people beside me if they heard what I heard a couple did, and it was hilarious. Slight laughter ensured... ha ha! Some speakers were good, others were boring.

After that torture, it was off to the dinner dance. Overall, it was a nice memory. The kids were very well-behaved. A couple of them were dancing with their parents, it was really nice. I sat with Anime Boy and his father and a girl I drove to the dance. I didn't really want to, but I did want her to be able to go and enjoy her 8th grade dance. It all turned out okay. The girl and Anime Boy's father were teasing him, because a girl had a crush on him and the more he told her to go away, the closer she got. I guess it was some sort of juvenile game of cat and mouse.... and he kept talking about it. So I killed the conversation by saying, "For someone you can't stand, you sure are talking about her a lot." Then Bully Boy came over and asked me, "So what are you going to do next year, you know, without a wonderful student like me?" I sighed and responded, "Ah, I really don't know. You students really are the greatest. Every day I looked forward to coming into work because of you. I still will look forward to it because I love to teach, but you all just had amazing personalities. We achieved so much. You definitely have a philosophical outlook I will not forget. You all will definitely be missed by me, no doubt. But I'm sure you will go far."

So now with another school year behind me, I'm anticipating having the summer off... However, freedom still lies beyond this week long class. Both the fact that I still have to work relentlessly and the fact that this class is hard, are both factors that are killing me. I'm teaching my classmates tomorrow, and it looks like the ABA professor (the one like the Simon of ABA) will be there, so I'm really nervous. My favorite professor presented Monday about behavior momentum (and this guy has his doctorate), and the ABA professor tore apart his presentation. Yikes! What did I get myself into? I need to chill out, but I can't help feeling stress. It's just the way I am. Wish me luck. I'm going to be working tonight non-stop, I'm feel like I've jumped in way over my head...