So... I have a lot of other things to talk about, but I just saw the movie, "The Reader" and wanted to vent about it while it's fresh in my mind. Has anyone else seen this movie? Oh, wait... I know one person on here who has. So... If you have, read on and see if we have the same thoughts. If you haven't, feel free to read on if you don't care about spoilers, which in this case is okay. I don't think anyone should waste 2 hours and 4 minutes (or money, I got to see it for free luckily) on this movie when the whole movie can be summed up in about 30 or so lines because there really isn't much dialogue. Now if you want to see a movie that is pretty close to a porno, it will surpass your expectations!



Young boy is ill, older lady walks him home.
Boy mentions this to mom, mom says he should go thank her.
Boy finds out where older lady lives, goes there with flowers.
Woman offers to walk him home, changes into work clothes, while boy peeks.
Older lady sees, flustered young boy runs off.
Young boy meets older lady at her house after she is off from work, she makes him carry coal upstairs.
Young boy is dirty because coal fell on him, she makes him take a bath...
Ooops! Conveniently her clothes are off! They have sex...
They have sex frequently. One day she asks him what he is studying in school.
He starts reading stories to her.
Young boy has friends, he starts to spend time hanging out with them, he is late to his booty call.
Older lady gets upset, they have a fight, have sex and then she tells him to go hang out with his friends.
Older lady packs up and leaves, young boy comes back to her empty apartment in tears.

Young boy goes to law school, views a trial where older lady is being sentenced for atrocious murders during her job as a concentration camp guard.
All the other witnesses don't claim fault, they blame older lady for all of it.
Older lady denies, but when judge asks her to prepare a sample of her handwriting, she refuses.
Younger boy realizes the older lady is illiterate, that's why she refuses to write, had him read to her but even in court she refuses to admit it because she's so ashamed.
He gets the opportunity to visit her before she is sentenced - he doesn't.
She receives life sentence in prison.
Young boy (now older) decides to read every book he owns to a tape recorder, he sends her copies.
Older lady listens to every one, teaches herself how to read and write by checking out corresponding books.
Young boy doesn't answer any of her letters.
Young boy is called by jail 20 years later, he is the only contact older woman has. They ask him to help her transition to her new freedom. He visits the jail. She's excited to see him, he acts like a callous jerk.
Older lady, depressed, commits suicide. Leaves a note to young boy telling him to give her money to the holocaust survivor who sentenced older lady to jail. When given the money, the woman doesn't accept it.
Young boy implies he will donate to a charity for illiteracy.
At the end of the story he takes his daughter to older woman's gravestone, and starts to tell their story.

Movie Ends! Yay!

Okay, so let me preface my critique with the fact that my expectations for a movie are typically fairly liberal. I'm an artist, so I'm okay with plot asymmetry, disequilibrium, character ambiguity or unhappy endings. I mean, the only thing that I have a high standard about this genre of movies is, I consider myself a fairly intellectual person, so when I do see what could be considered "an art house film", I would like to have a philosophical, life pondering or emotionally evoking experience. A few movies that I do feel live to this caliber of expectation in different ways are: Atonement, The Fountain, Fight Club, The Notebook, Donnie Darko... just to name a few.

so here are the things about the movie that annoyed me...

* Young Boy & the Older Woman have this relationship. She gets mad because he is a young boy and wants to hang out with his friends too... oh, come on. What did you expect? He's a young boy, and further more why is it bad for him to have friends? I mean, hypothetically she might have been jealous. However, she just picked up everything and left without saying good-bye. How much did he really mean to her then? Even if she finally realized, "Oh, WHAT am I doing to this poor, young boy..." how could she let him go through all the pain of just leaving without saying good-bye?

* So at the trial, the boy is so adamant about his discovery she is illiterate... it would change the course of the whole trial. He doesn't keep it secret, he tells his professor and his professor encourages him to talk with the lady to convince her to tell it to the court. The boy sets up the visit (the lady is waiting on him) and then... refuses? Okay, so now I've learned the main character is vindictive... or weak. The next day when she receives her life sentence he's crying. Um, hello main character, why cry? You could have been the one to make this NOT happen. You didn't even try to do the right thing...

* The main character sends the lady tapes. However, when she is excited about her new found accomplishments in literacy and she writes, he ignores her letters even though she wants to talk to him. So main character, WHY DID YOU EVEN BOTHER?

* When he is given another chance, 20 years after the trial, to make things right. He gets the phone call from the jail that he is the only correspondent on record for the lady. He's asked to come to the jail, and he says something weird like, "Thanks for letting me know." He does come to the jail, but when the woman tries to talk with him he is terse. He asks her some question like, "do you ever think about the past?" She starts excitedly saying, "about us?" and he interjects sternly, "NO! About what you did!" She crawls backward in the conversation, rambles... then still keeps trying to make polite conversation. She asks if he ever got married, he explains that he did but he is recently divorced... there is awkward silence. He leaves. He never tells her the only happiness he ever found was with her. He keeps acting like a distant jerk. So the girl kills herself... Only after her death does this ***hole start to tell everyone he meets about how much he loved her. Sorry, dude, why even bother? If you couldn't mention it while the girl was alive, why are you now mentioning it in death?

So what is the message of this movie. I felt disgusted with both main characters and their hasty, irrational actions. I couldn't feel bad for either, and I didn't feel moved. Aside from the woman wrongly accused in court (she worked for a concentration camp, she was just doing a job... so why weren't the 1,000 other workers or more punished), who just seemed rather to accept a lie than submit to an embarrassing truth... the characters had it all coming to them. I just wanted this movie to end. It's like they created their own misery and they seemed emotional yet didn't want to take action to change their lives... So is the message some people are forever immature? Do women have to kill themselves in order to finally be acknowledged by the person who loves them? Or is this just the typical, "Look how stupid this guy is... he never changed." I don't know. This movie leaves me pointlessly empty.



So beware... or see it, regardless. Maybe there was something I missed??? I doubt it though...