My life has been spinning so fast... no wonder I finally have acquired the most miserable cold I've had in two years. I guess I needed something to finally make me slow down. I've been like a ball soaring through the air, and I've finally ricocheted against the hard concrete. I just recovered from a nasty ear infection... NOW THIS? *sigh*

So the last few weeks have been busy...

Last I left off in lj-land, I was excited about attending Harvest Raid at the end of September. The event was beyond amazing; it exceeded all my expectations and much more... During a plight of crazy insanity, we decided we were going to camp overnight on site Friday and Saturday. Friday night was beautiful. The sky was clear, every star was out and the crescent moon hung beautifully above the lake. The only problem was... I am incessantly cold, and you can probably guess a night without clouds covering the sky was freezing. My husband swore he brought the warmest blankets we own, but unfortunately they were also the smallest ones... I almost would have preferred both quality and quantity in this instance. So I was about ready to invite 5 other warm bodies inside the tent for a night of extreme cuddling, lol. Somehow I made it through, maybe merely kept warm by thinking about the aforementioned thought...

The next day was rainy and cold, but warmth was afire in my heart. So many great people showed up at this event, so I felt better socializing here instead of the sardine can of Coronation. I even met a lot of awesome people I haven't met before! It was great. Not to mention, a couple of my friends came to the event to support my dance initiative and learn more about the SCA. With the already prevalent kindness of many of the shire members of Heronter, my coordination was a surprisingly successful endeavor this time around. Oh, and the hospitality! My friends and I weren't able to send our reservations for feast in enough time, so we initially were just going to eat together off site. One of our Heronter friends heard our planning, and told us not to leave. She told us we could sit at her table and she would feed us. At first I was just confused; I thought she meant she had other food to share. No, she was working in the kitchen and came out and brought us most of the feast dishes! Oh, and it was an amazing feast indeed. Not only was the food divine, we had a random group of friends new and old sitting, laughing, and chatting together. We were a lively bunch; and the great company made the experience even more jovial and amazing! My husband and I were planning on camping Saturday night, however, the cold rain and wind made us extremely uncomfortable. So we packed up everything and left around 11:00 PM. Wow, what an incredible event filled with amazing memories!

The following weekend my husband and I decided to travel to an anime convention Saturday October 3rd. My step-son has been throwing his education to the wayside while he has been at school, and due to my extreme knowledge about the strategies it takes in order to be an effective teacher (which is both a blessing & a curse at times), the jury is still out on whether that's entirely all his fault... regardless he's grounded for awhile until he demonstrates academic and behavioral improvement. Each day he decides to change his behavior and improve, he earns a day of freedom back. So it's working, especially with Halloween coming up - that's a major motivation increase. However, the annoying part is when your kids are grounded, you are grounded too... My one friend, anime boy's father, was pretty much working on manual labor that weekend. So I told him, I wouldn't mind taking his son along instead if obviously he had earned such a privilege. So that weekend we swapped kids, lol. It was so great!

I'm actually pretty into anime now, but the thing I've always liked the most about conventions is the opportunity to something different with friends. It was really cute, this teenager was definitely in his element. Literally, the moment we walked in he couldn't move he was so awestruck... We watched Kenichi, Battle Doll Angelic Layer, and a couple of other series. We also had a nice dinner and had some amazing conversations together. I think it was a refreshing time for all of us.

My favorite memory happened at the end of the night when we were listening to some live bands. During this awesome music my husband was trying to teach him how to socialize with cute, geeky girls. Take a moment and flash back to your teenage days (don't get too lost in the battlefield though, lol)... it's not easy to be a geeky teenager, right? So my husband demonstrated by approaching some girl dressed up as Ms. Marvel. He still just wasn't able to muster up courage to step out of his geeky, introverted shell...

So we all just kept talking about random things... We were warning him to stay away from prissy looking Lolita girls, all the helpful tips one should know. Then all of a sudden, this really cute group of teenage girls came over toward him. They were let by this tall, blonde girl wearing a black pleated skirt and neon pink lettered shirt that said, "Meet me on the dance floor!" Oh, I definitely approved of her (and I wanted to know where she found that cute shirt, lol)! So then my husband took initiative and said, "Hey, it's his first convention. Show him some love!" The one girl said, "Awe! That's so cute! We will!" Too late! No escape... The corner he was sitting in was instantly flooded with 10 girls. He started to talk to them (thank god!) and all of them had great conversations where they talked each others' ears off for the longest time. My husband snapped a couple photos, because we wanted to document the rarity of this moment. His dad would never believe us otherwise.

Then the group disbanded a little and the only girl left was the cute girl with the dance floor t-shirt. She kept taking and talking to him, and flirting hard like she couldn't get enough. Then her friends came back & dragged her away... they exchanged Myspace contact information and were parted.

So then the two hour drive home was filled with cute comments from Anime Boy, who finally discovered the way it feels to be on cloud nine. He said those girls also told him to avoid prissy Lolita girls, wow... Then he was making cute geeky comments like, "I wish I could just be like Boba Fett, light up my jet packs and soar up to the clouds." Then my husband was like, "Yeah, good job! She was so into you, man!" He just kept going on and on about how cool conventions are because it's refreshing to be able to hang out with people who have the same interests. Yeah, we definitely agreed. So then out of nowhere he yelled, "I SCORED!"

My immediate thoughts were, OMG! No, you didn't just say that. Oh, wait. You are a clueless geek, I should have expected this*...

So I couldn't help bursting out in laughter, I really, really tried to bite my tongue. Who am I kidding? Just recalling this memory through my head again made me burst into laughter out loud again, lol. Wow, extreme laughter hurts when you have a cold...

I whispered to my husband, "Um, this one is all yours. We definitely don't want him going home and telling his father THAT!"

So then my husband tried to do his best to explain, without being too embarrassing to any of the parties present, what specific sexual connotation is meant by the phrase, "I SCORED!" He strongly advised against uttering that phrase, especially when that wasn't the case in this situation.

All in all, we arrived home with so many great memories. I'm sure this will be his first convention of many to come... I definitely want to keep inviting him to come with us in the future.

Last Sunday, I had a great couple of performances at a nearby Renfaire. A few friends joined me for the day. I taught some dances I knew and we all practiced a couple dances I had learned this summer and wanted to learn better. It was much fun for everyone. I was supposed to do the same show this weekend, but I called off due to my illness. Hopefully next weekend I can participate both Saturday and Sunday. Body, you better be feeling better by then!!!

Yesterday, I went to an extremely beautiful wedding. Last February, I met an engaged couple at Ice Dragon. A mutual friend introduced us. The couple was looking for someone familiar with medieval dance, and I was recommended because of my knowledge or rather, obsession, lol. So we started meeting over the summer and I demonstrated a few Italian dances I know. Out of all the dances, they decided upon Rostiboli Giosio. So we've spent 5 months drilling that dance. In that time, I not only became their dance instructor but also taught their parents Jenny Pluck Pears as their family dance together, but I became the entire dance coordinator for their whole wedding. It was a fun honor...

It figures... the weekend I'm in euphoria, I'm so sick. Luckily they moved their entire outdoor wedding indoors, or I wouldn't have even been able to endure it. It was a beautiful medieval wedding, it reminded me much of my own. Everything was perfect, both the bride and groom looked amazing. At the hall, I was allowed to hijack the DJ and teach some dances. Luckily my husband called them, I didn't have the energy. Oh, and when modern dancing resumed, they played all the hits: techno chicken dance, cupid shuffle, cha cha slide, jump on it, the time warp... I danced all those dances, but had spent my energy, so I rested most of the remaining time.

I really thought I would have been the social outcast of this party, due to my unavoidable, impossible to hide illness and the germ-o-phobia people have with this swine flu hype, however people were the total opposite. When I was sitting out, strangers were talking to me and trying to make me feel better because they could tell I was so bummed. One woman even rubbed my back for a while. It was really heartwarming. I truly I didn't think strangers would be so kind to someone coughing every five seconds.

The wedding was in reverse order; there was a lot of dancing and other activities and food was served last. The couple was then invited to come to the floor and dance their first dance, Rostiboli Giosio. I started watching them and wow... it was captivating. It actually brought tears to my eyes. I had spent 5 months not only teaching them how to dance in rhythm, how to properly execute the steps, but also I emphasized they also needed to take the dance, put their heart into it, and make it their own. And so they did... with little kisses on their hands, extreme eye contact, flirtatious circling heart figures in the third section, and an argument surrounding a drink during the final section of the dance. Okay, so if you knew the dance, you'd understand what I'm talking about...

Regardless, it was beautiful. I was really proud of my students; their final product was amazing. It was such a honor to sit back and be astonished. I kept thinking Wow, I taught them THAT... lol.

So my life has been amazing and wonderful in so many ways! I have a great few weekends to come. I'm going to have an amazing Halloween costume this year. It's version 2.0, but I have 4 other people joining me with this theme. So it will be awesome. I have my work cut out for me. Regardless, I just really need to finally feel better again! And soon! Take care lj friends! Don't acquire a cold like me... *sigh*

*Disclaimer: I'm not trying to take a jab at clueless geeks. No, on the contrary... I've always loved clueless (clueless in this context meaning, socially awkward) geeks... I've dated probably 10 in my lifetime, I'm close friends with at least 5 now. Oh, I'm married to one. So I love you fellow geeks, you hold a soft spot in my heart. I just know what awkward social moments to expect from you all, lol.*