Many big life events have come and gone, and I have a million household errands to complete after returning from Pennsic but... I figured I can procrastinate a little longer and do a Livejournal post. That's normal, right? I'm blaming my procrastination on the air conditioning... It's the middle of August and summer weather has finally hit the Great Lakes.

Ok... I was venting about being called into work over the summer. Overall, things went okay... it's just was annoying at the last minute. It's the principle of the action, what teacher is going to constantly be jumping up and down for joy to be randomly called into work? We did have a nice breakfast / lunch and got to swim for a couple hours. Oh, and we finally got our long awaited evaluations. Mine was pretty much perfect aside from a few suggestions that implied I am too nice to my coworkers and need to be a bigger *itch next year. I'm also encouraged to be even MORE dramatic. I can definitely handle that... In the evening my husband also had a great birthday, thanks to our cool & extremely awesome gaming friends. We hung out and played some boardgames, it was exactly what he wanted to do. Thanks friends (because I know one reads this)!

However, these random disruptions did not cease at this... I was called incessantly two days before leaving for Pennsic and "encouraged" to attend a school party thrown for the parents because our school finally made AYP. I called back and told them I was going on my vacation & they finally quit calling me. Then while I was away at Pennsic, my coworker called my cell phone and told me my boss wants to have another get-together like we did in July. The reason? My boss wants to see who is "really" coming back to work in September. We were all at the July meeting, but apparently there are rumors floating around about one co-worker not returning. So nice... they want to air everyone's private and personal business in front of everyone else. Whatever. To top it all off, I arrived home from Pennsic last night to find my answering machine loaded with messages from my place of employment. They called and left threatening messages that I wasn't going to receive a pay increase at all this year beccause because the paperwork I submitted before I left for Pennsic wasn't enough proof of my completion of my final graduate course (even though it was an official transcript, with a letter from my professor explaining my situation with my college and sharing my grade), in lieu of my wonderful education institute's delay of submitting grades for a course I completed this past June. So I rushed into college today to FINALLY get an official transcript (grades were finally posted Friday), then I rushed to my place of employment only to find the person who left me stern messages wasn't even in today. I knew the finance office was the second place to go, because they process the paperwork to allow the increase, so the papers would have just gotten handed off to them anyway. I was nervous because they have a reputation of being really cut-throat and ruthless to people. So I was very surprised they were actually really nice and understanding when I explained what was going on... and it wasn't a big deal at all. I'm glad everything went well... but then I discovered on top of all that we all have a manditory reading assignment before staff development. So my last two weeks of vacation will not be rest and relaxation... they will be spent reading some boring three hundred page book. *sigh* I just am finding it unfortunate where I work is becoming worse than dealing with annoying telemarketers. I need to study like there's no tomorrow... I need to take the BCBA test, pass it, and move on with my life. Let the studying commence!


As you might remember, July was my friend's wedding. It was amazing... but I think I might have seen it differently than most people. Before I became part of a wedding party, I always saw movies and tv shows where wedding attendants seem to just want to be there to control things, or complain about things... everyone seems to want to be a perfectionist when it comes to this day, Believe me, some of this wedding party did this too (not the Bride). However, and speaking from experience, I think beauty can be found in the mistakes. Like, the bride's wedding day shuttle from the church to the reception broke down, so they had to send a mini shuttle. Everyone worked together to take care of gathering necessities to make the newly married couple feel better - alcohol, food... and lo and behold, it turned out just fine! Right before we walked into the reception hall, my friends bustled wedding dress was lopsided. We lifted it up and the strings had ended up in a big not. One other attendant tried it, no avail. I tried and I have rather long nails and was able to undo the knot quickly, almost as easily as pulling a sword from a stone. I was just glad to be there in the back light, doing what I could to be helpful. Life's unpredictable, but when you have great people in your life to support and care - everything turns out beautifully regardless. Wedding blunders remind us of the realness of life, and is that necessarily a bad thing? Being a wedding attendant was great because I was able to be there for my friend. When I saw the movie 27 dresses, I really thought being apart of so many weddings would be the ideal life. This experience showed me, it really is a lot of work, and even though I'm the kind of person who wants to help almost everyone out, it just wouldn't have been the same if I wasn't close friends with the person.

We had the rehearsal dinner at Martha Stewart's club house, which is my nickname for my friend's MIL. The rehearsal dinner was almost as elegant as the wedding, or as my husband put it, "More elegant as many of the weddings he's been too." It even had an open bar! The morning of the wedding we spent the day at a spa, which was a nice beginning. The rest of the day went great. The wedding was plain and simple, which was a nice change of pace. The reception was at a beautiful country club overlooking the lake at sunset. It was fun, aside from the fact they played eight Michael Jackson songs during the wedding reception. Now tell me really is "Billie Jean" a song everyone yearns to hear at weddings?

So that leads me to Pennsic... which I have to say, this year has been the best one I have had in a while. We arrived Monday of the first week, which was great because we had time to set up and relax. My parents are local, so we bounced back and forth... and tried to avoid the rain as much as possible. During the first week, I was pretty miserable. Despite my seven recent years of dancing, I am not naturally graceful at all. Each day I try to dance, is a duel of me against the dance floor. Due to all the rain, there was a lot of mud, and due to that mud, I slipped and fell backward and scraped my head on the concrete. I was okay, but more shaken up by it especially when I kept falling that night... we went to a party and my foot got caught in a hole, caused by the mud, and I fell again... Oh and might I add for the record, I wasn't inebriated. However, during the second week, everything was much better. The weather was amazing... sunny and cool. This year many noteworthy things happened... I helped teach a couple dance classes, which made me feel like next year I might be ready to actually be listed as an instructor on the main list. There were times people would come over after a dance had completed and say, "Beautiful dancing, Avelina! or "Wow, you really did know what you're doing out there (an actual compliment, there are some uppity people, just like any group of artists)." It's just nice to finally be receiving recognition and random compliments. Oh, and my legs / feet were only minimally sore, since I have been doing so much dancing all summer, I've built my stamina and really toned my legs. So it was great! The other main goal I had this Pennsic was to "finally" submit armory... which I did as well. Now it's just the waiting game to see if it gets approved... In retrospect, it was just an overall great war this year. I hung out with so many great friends, and have a few new stalkers... and had an overall amazing time. Thanks to everyone on here that contributed to that!

Wow...so what now, you may ask? Well, I want to get back to Zumba two - three times a day. I'm hoping that will commence tomorrow, since today was consumed by getting things squared away for work. I'm so addicted to dancing, I'm teaching a dance lesson in the park today at two o'clock... yay! I just can't get enough. I'm having some strange situations pop up in my life, but I don't really want to get too much in my personal life on here. It's my own complicated struggle with rule-governed behavior... Rest assured I'm not having marital problems. On the contrary; we just joyfully celebrated three happy years together. The geeky part of me wants to describe my behavior problems in behavior analytic terms, but that would be an explanation just as counter-productive as not saying anything at all. I just need to meditate and sort everything out. My life is so weird; as I told my husband the other day... I feel like I'm trapped in my own complicated Greek mythological tale. Hopefully I can escape without sabotaging the sanity or happiness or myself or others. Wow, I'm strange... I can't help it though.

Wow, that was a lot... and that was the abridged version, lol! I hope everyone is doing well!