Ugh! I'm just trying to get through another week. My students are in school until June 17th and they are already going crazy. I don't blame them; I think everyone working in the school is going crazy too. Then after that week, I have a week long class session about all the loose odds and ends about being an Applied Behavior Analyst. The never ending excitement...

So for the last class I have to take, the irony of it is I won't be a mere student... I will also be a professor. Wednesday the director of graduate studies came in to observe me per usual. Then she said, "You have done a phenomenal job of applying what you have learned to your classroom procedures and methods. I really want you to help me teach my session on ABA group contingencies. You could talk about your take on these theories and the pratical and creative ways you have applied them to your classroom management. Also your thesis is really good, ties everything all together. I think you should talk about it, make copies and share it with the class." I was really shocked, she must really be wowed to invite me to teach my peers.

This is an amazing honor. I definitely said yes. I was a little nervous at first because my professor wants to talk about Positive Behavior Supports, which is a misunderstood offshoot of Applied Behavior Analysis. I was nervous because the two people who are chairing the class are stern Applied Behavior Analysts who really only work with children with Autism. I don't think they have a lot of proper understanding about Positive Behavior Supports, but I know they don't like it regardless. So I was nervous presenting would be as nerve-racking as singing for Simon in an American Idol Competition. She told me they most likely won't be there, and she is not telling them that I am helping her. So I'm feeling a little better about everything, and I suppose this is the opportunity to defend my thesis and share my research with my peers. Regardless, I know this will be a great addition to my resume, it will help me be motivated to begin the process of reviewing and studying for the ABA board exam, not to mention it pretty much guarantees I always have a professor ready to write a letter of recommendation for me. If I stick around this area it could also lead me toward having a side job as an adjunct professor, which really could be awesome extra cash to add to what I already make. There are just so many possibilities now... but like anything, it means more work. Like always, I'm sure I'll rise to the occasion.

Once again, I am out of time. More to come later...