Wow, yesterday was a LOOOONG day. But I had a lot of fun. We did a bit of groceries and stuff at the market and did last minute cleaning. Then at 3pm we started to head to the border. Surprisingly there was NO line and we just handed them our passports, answered like two questions, and then they let us in. It was crazy! Normally we're waiting ATLEAST 10 minutes and they ask us a bajillion questions. My theory is that it's because we both have our passports. They probably go easier on us because of that. 

Anyway, we headed to the mall that we knew about and got some food at the food court while we waited for  l3leugrrl . Then we went makeup shopping though I didn't get anything from the MAC store. I really liked the one pigment but I wanted to save money and MAC will ship to Canada unlike the other store we were going to. Anyway, then I bought some $60 shoes for $30 that were UBER cute and plaid and totally match my shirt that I have. :D Then we headed over to the Ulta store where I spent WAY too much money on makeup! lol I got the Urban Decay Primer Potion cause I need my own like wo. After trying and ACTUAL primer and not just something that can go underneath eyeshadow I do not think I can go without again. At the end of the night I had trouble getting my make up off! SO nice to be able to have my makeup stay fully for once. lol And then I got this pallette from Too Faced that was full of pretty colours. And it came with this eyeliner thing that will make it so that I can use the eye shadows as eyeliner. 

Then  l3leugrrl drove us to another mall so that we could hang out while we waited to go to the airport (dayna already posted about how Brent broke 2 plans so I won't go over it again lol). I bought a Spider-man mouse pad and shirt that said "my spider sense is tingling" for Bryan because of his spider man love. Then we went to a Japanese steakhouse for dinner and it was DELICIOUS! And then we hung out in the parking lot playing our DSs to pass some time. Didn't get home until like 2am and I am UBER tired. lol.
