o, we were supposed to go see Year One with a bunch of my friends from school but since they all canceled Bryan and I decided to go see Drag Me To Hell and make it a date movie. We don't really go on 'real' dates like...ever. We went to the movies alone once to see Golden Compass so this was nice. Also...horror movie and my easiness at getting scared made for a movie where I spent the whole time clinging to Bryan and hiding my face against his shoulder.

This would have been much more accurate if I had posted right after getting home but I was scared and just wanted to go to bed. That didn't end up happening because Bryan's friend kept asking me questions about Rolemaster lol.

Anyway, FUCK. lol. That gypsy woman was just...scary! And though it scared the crap outta me I am very glad I went to see it in theatres. The audience experience was awesome. The laughing and the screaming all together was very awesome. And fuck...can Sam Raimi make a damned good horror film. He had all the right timings, all the right affects. Everything to have me so scared I was looking over my shoulder the whole way home. I just felt like there should be something right on the corner of my vision.

Of course, that resulted in me being too afraid to go into the basement when I was done...but you know...good times and all that. I even had a freaking nightmare. I have had weird...slightly upsetting dreams before but I haven't had a nightmare since just before Connor was born (part of the dream was I dropped him and it was traumatising for me), and before that? A good year. Stupid scary minotaurs. lol Basically I don't have nightmares often. I didn't after watching a bunch of scary movies...but something about this one just did it for me. It didn't help that in the middle of the nightmare, Bryan rolled over and put his arm around me. In my dream that felt like something was grabbing me and I woke up screaming. lol. The nightmare is why I am using my bad day icon. :P

Anyway, back to the movie. The Lamia...the way they never actually showed it but only portrayed it with moving shadows was awesome! The gypsy woman in her cell phone was also awesome. The best part I think though was how she went to go apologize and try to give the woman her house back but they were having her funeral. The 'fight' in her grave at the end also awesome. I loved how it was obvious that she probably had mixed up the button with the coin...but he seriously waited and made it seem like it was going to be a happy ending for Justin Long's character to be like "by the way". lol Very good mood setting.