I have so much to write about---to think with fingers about---because my trip brought forth so many unexpected possibilities.

At the beginning, I asked the universe to introduce me to a wise and caring wayfinder and healer.

I also asked for good and powerful experiences that could move me towards my best path.

And then I did my best to let that wish flow into the world, and release my graspiness about it. "I am okay with whatever happens," I thought.

And what happened exceeded my expectations greatly. My biggest limitation was being able to relax and open myself enough to enjoy each experience fully.

Trends I noticed: at almost each powerful place we found, whether it was a cave, an ancient site, a deserted roadside chapel, or just a clearing filled with weathered, scattered, animal bones, Michael and I found ourselves there alone or with very few people. And those people ended up being exactly the right ones: healers, wayfinders, and members of what I think of as my own tribe.

( Collapse )


Even walking into the ruins of Mayapan, we met a group of tourists drumming and shaking their rattles who were processing out. They looked and felt like those who surround me in Gryphon's Grove classes.

We also met a kind French couple there. But otherwise, it was almost totally deserted. This rarely happens!

Likewise, we arrived at the Loltun cave late, not at a time when entrance was possible. At this site, entrance is controlled and managed according to specific cycles of time (how very Mayan!).

But after being initially denied, the gatekeeper stopped himself, then offered to let us in anyway. The place was so empty that they made an exception for us. And the guide who walked us through the caves spoke English as well as Spanish. And he happened to be friends with healer and Mayan priest who also led tours there.

Without any effort on our part, we just began to talk and connect in a different way as we walked through together. I think our guide recognized something in my questions and began to speak with me about the offerings he makes at the cave, and about present-day offerings to the spirits of the cave, and the beliefs of present-day Maya people.

I think asking questions about the gods and about his relationship to the magic of the caves in Spanish made a big difference.

At this point the whole relationship between us began to change.

It felt much, much better, not like a business transaction anymore. And then he offered to introduce us to his friend, the priest. But I was worried that this would be a burden, so I was tentative about this. Yet he was very insistent, and I am glad this was so. He told us that this priest was leading a special group through the caves later the next day (the drummers and rattlers of Matapan, I wondered?)

Honestly, I think I had trouble receiving what I had originally asked for because I was wary of trusting it, and trusting him. He actually told me that he thought I had some power, and that I could learn from his friend, but I immediately wondered if he was manipulating me.

Still, I had asked for this. So I accepted his invitation and after the descent he led us to his friend.

We spent perhaps 40 minutes talking to this fascinating man.He started giving me instruction right away, which really surprised me. He tried to teach me more than I could actually retain, but I did have the good sense to videotape some of it with my phone and his explicit permission.

I do recognize that some people are born teachers, and whenever these folks find an eager and intent student, they simply do what they were born to do. I think this is what happened here. I am very grateful for it.

He also sent us home with some of his own creations, another unexpected blessing. I even got his email address. I'm still shaking my head over this. What are the chances?

Pretty good, I guess, if I actually believe in my own conjurings.

Later that day, we found a second wise man at Uxmal. He approached us to ask us if we wanted a guide, and immediately I felt very good about him. But we investigated a little bit about hiring guides at Michael's request before returning to him. And it was the best decision we could have made.

This gentleman walked us through the site, teaching us as we went. He answered our questions and even sang us sacred songs to Kukulkan, and again, allowed me to record this. Looking over at another guide talking to a couple nearby, I did not see anything like our interaction happening.

And once again, this famous site had few visitors, and those who were there were skillfully avoided through our guide's assistance throughout most of this journey.

We even found ourselves alone---just Michael and I---on top of the great pyramid long enough to leave an incense offering given to us by the priest we had met earlier that morning, and Michael even had the presence of mind to actually remember some of his instructions (I was overwhelmed by awkward feelings of awe and the like, and I stumbled through).

We left our incense burning in front of a partially uncovered mask of Chaac, the rain god, and afterwards, drove home in a small rainstorm---the first we had experienced all week. It felt good to think that this was perhaps the first incense offering that had been made before this particular Chaac in awhile.

As we took the highway back towards Playa del Carmen and Cancun, the rain shifted to the far distance, where we could see it coming down in buckets. A huge rainbow arced out from it above and in front of us, and we drove into it, singing "It's the end of the world as we know it, and I feel fine."

Looking to my right, we could see the rainstorm as we got closer to Chichen Itza, where the annual equinox festival was being held. We hadn't even tried to attend this festival, because we had been told it would be intensely crowded and almost impossible to get in. So we decided to drive far into the peninsula, away from the Mayan Riviera, and into the Puuc region instead, where we could go to the ruins of Uxmal and Mayapan. This also gave us the opportunity to visit the caves at Loltun and play the stalactite drum there.

Nevertheless, as we drove home, we did notice the rainstorm continuing to our right, near where Chichen Itza was located, at almost exactly the time of the actual astronomical equinox.

"People there can't see that rainbow because they are right under it," I thought. "But we can see it, because we are far away at a distance."

The next day we read an article about the gathering at Chichen and found that the crowds had been disappointed because it had rained during the moments when the feathered serpent's descent would normally have been visible along the side of the main pyramid (this optical illusion happens only during the equinox).

The journalist who wrote about it described it as a battle between Kukulkan, the Plumed Serpent, and Chaak, the rain god.

"Oops," joked Michael, "We didn't mean to ruin anything."

And I don't think we did. One incense offering does not a rainstorm make. But it was a little eerie.

One more thing: I had bought two cleansing ritual bath preparations at a bodega in one of the strictly local neighborhoods of Playa del Carmen. We ended up there by accident, totally lost, and decided to park and eat dinner.

I knew just enough Spanish to get us through dinner at a "cocina economica," or frugal kitchen---a tiny, family-run luncheonette. Then we wandered to the Archangel
Michael bodega next door, which specialized in spiritual products. I bought two lociones, or cleansing baths, for two friends and teachers, but the night before we left I realized we could not carry them home in our carry-on only luggage.

So we used them the next morning as we bathed for the day. I guess, in retrospect, it was a nice way of bringing nothing unwanted home with us.

I hope to write more specifically about each of these experiences moving forward, to convey the details of the most powerful experiences.

I am grateful and amazed by all of the ways in which the universe moved to answer my request for guidance, instruction and direction.



Perhaps I will be able to focus on one encounter at a time over the next few days. We learned so much---I really hope so. I'd like to share it all.