So very much time has passed since I have even considered writing on this page. So much time in fact, that I have absolutely no idea where to begin. I find myself completely gravitated to it however, the click of the keys, the sight of my own words flowing from one side to the other... it creates this feeling inside me that has been dormant for so long. That I might actually have things to say that have meaning, and are worth something. Many many things have changed, and yet in many ways, I am still me. I am still here inside this body, looking out with a fresh perspective in light of everything I have faced in the passing years. I have conquered my demons. I have become an independent woman, a strong woman. Something I never truly thought that I could become. I had to go down every single dark alley in my mind, and meet with the creeps that skulked around in there, offering me forbidden pieces of myself that took me down inside myself where the light never touched. Those ugly, hurting, rotten bits of my soul were so deliciously awful that I kept going back to them time and time again. Thinking that somehow I must deserve to be in that place, with those creeps, in the dark. The truth of it all, however, was that I had to go down into those places, to fight my battles. It was a long, and epic battle. I had thought that it would surely destroy me in the end, but then something amazing and unexpected happened. After all the fighting, suffering, and metaphorical blood spilt, I finally won. I arose, completely victorious, to my own surprise. Like a phoenix out of her ashes, I flew up and out of all that bullshit with incredible vigor and new life. I emerged from all of that with a real sense of who I was, and that was something that I hadn't had for many many years, if ever. So here I am, after so much seemingly wasted time, and although it may seem on the outside that I have nothing to show for the past 10 years or more, I have been completely reborn. The victory in battle somehow has absolved my sense of regret for the things I have done. The guilt remains of course, but there is an awareness in my heart that tells me that I needed to go down that path to fight that battle so that I could truly be free. I have never felt so strong in my entire life. I feel almost invincible, but in a completely humble sort of way. Nothing can stop me now. I am an unmovable force that cannot be reckoned with. The smoke from the raging war within my soul has finally cleared, and I am free to move beyond simple, mediocre, scraping and scrounging life, towards something bright and beautiful. I will no longer just survive, I will absolutely thrive.
